Notifications regarding Collection of Enrolment Forms and submission of Fee there of for the HSC Part-I Annual Examinations 2025
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/Notifications/2024/Enrolment-pvt-2025.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/notifications.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Karachi - 74700
@ WBleEkarachi ©) Mrie_karachi © www.biek edu.pk
NO:BIE/ENROLMENT / 80 3/2024 DATED: _© & H-24t.
‘The Principals of All Private
Recognized / Affiliated Intermediate Colleges,
& Higher Secondary Schools,
Karachi Region,
Karachi.
NOTE: INCOMPLETE ENROLMENT FORMS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTABLE.
With reference to the subject noted above, it isto inforni you that the Board has
announced the schedule in connection for submission of Enrolment forms of the students of all
Private affiliated institutions for the HSC Part-I, Annual Examinations 2025.
‘The Enrolment forms (faculty wise) along with prescribed Enrolment fee @ Rs.2,100/=
per candidate in shape of consolidated Pay Order drawn in favor of the Secretary, Board of Intermediate
Education, Karachi with complete list of students in quadruplet (four copies) admitted in first year, in
which separately mention the other Boards admission cases & re— admission cases. One copy of the list
must also be submitted in the Enrolment Section at the time of the submission of Enrolment Forms in
the Accounts Section.
Submission of Enrolment Forms in the MONDAY, BONDAY,
affiliated Institutions. 25-11-2024 30-12-2024
Submission of Enrolment Forms in the Board
WEDNESDAY FRIDAY
Office Accounts Section Room No.04 along
with consolidated Pay Order duly prepared on
or before 31,12.2024 (TUESDAY)
01-01-2025 ~| 03-01-2025
Continued on page N02.
1, Enrolment form is available now online at official website of the Board
https://www biek.edu pk
2. Student have to follow the below procedure:
Click on Online Enrolment Web Portal system,
If you are new, then please register yourself first with Email and Password and
remember for further corrections and changes.
When you register, please update your profile.
After completion of profile, please click on the enrolment button,
Enter your credentials/data in the required fields according to matriculation details,
Attach your picture (Passport size with blue background), $.5.C. (Matric) mark-sheet
and college admission receipts.and. upload it.
Ifyou are from Other Hoard then you must have to submit/upload Permission from
the BIEK and also Migration Certificate form concerned Board.
h. If you are O-Level / International Student then you have to take the equivalency
from IBCC and upload instead of Migration.
1. Finally the system will show one PDF file of Enrolment form, please download it and
printit
Kindly submit this Printed Enrolment form as Hardcopy at your concerned college.
seen gP
e
i
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTITUTIONS:
1. Please open the web portal https:/institute.biek.edu.pk, which is specially designed for
institutions.
2. It will ask the user id and password, please enter user id and password, which will
provide you by our IT Section secretly.
3. When you logged in; please verify/approve the students, which enrolment forms that
you have received and make sure that all students’ pictures, SS.C (Matric) Data,
Group/Faculty, and College name and other documents are according to the required
format that have been attached by the students and they are genuine and verified.
(incorrect format of pictures, selfies and other forge documents will not be entertain by
the BIEK and deem to be cancelled).
4. As per the Board's schedule or announcement of dates of enrollment; the portal will be
active, and the colleges must verify all the submitted enrolment forms and check all the
credentials of their student.
5. Institution must have to approve the form of each student on Enrolment Portal. The
list of enrolment must be generated and download from the web portal with QR Code
and complete in all respect and signed by concerned Principal/Head Master/Head
Mistress in triplicate (Accounts, Enrolment, IT) submitted along with fee vouchers/slip
(if required) in the account section of the Board.
6. Permission is required for Change of Board if S.S.C. is passed from Other than Board of
Secondary Education, Karachi, Gap Permission is required if S.S.C. is passed before
2023, scanned Original Migration Certificate if S.S.C is passed from Other than Board
of Secondary Education Karachi, Equivalence Certificate from IBCC for those students
who pass the G.CE. (O’Level) Examination, accordingly and upload it.
Continued on Page No.3.
7. Those candidates who ought to appear afresh again in H.S.C. Part-I in same faculty
from same college shall not get new admission and enrolment again. Only Part-l repeat
permission shall apply on prescribed form and fee. Form can be dovmloaded from
official website.
8. The provisionally admitted students (if any) as permissible under the rules, should
compulsorily be sent to the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi clearly stating
the reason for allowing their provisional admission. The Enrolment Forms should
immediately be sent to the Board with eligibility certificate.
9. Those students who have passed Technical School Certificate Examination or those
students who have passed their S.S.C. Examination with Computer Science are not
eligible to take Admission in Pre-Medical Group,
10.No enrolment form shall be entertained from any institution without Affiliation from
Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
PROF, AMEE! SAIN QADRI
(SECI
Copy for information:
PS. to Principal Secretary to Chief Minister Sindh, Chief Minister's House, Karachi
P.S to the Secretary, Universities & Boards Department, Govt of Sindh, Karachi.
‘The Director Colleges, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindhi, Karachi:
‘The Director Schools, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
‘The Director, Press Information Department, Block-95, Sadder, Karachi
‘The News Editor of Local Dailies for favor of Publication as Tews item through their esteemed dailies
‘The News Editor, Karachi Television, Karachi for Broadcast / Telecast over TV asa news item.
‘The In-Charge City Service Cell, Pakistan’ Broadcasting House, M.A Jinnah Road, Karachi for repeated
announcement.
9. PSto Chairman / AS (Co-ordination), BIE,Karachi
10, PAto Secretary / Controller of Examination, BIE,Karachi.
11, All Officers / Sections, BIE,Karachl
12, The Deputy Director Information, BIE, Karachi.
PNAMe ENE
