Collection of Enrolment Forms for the HSC Part-I Annual Examinations 2024 with penalty of Rs. 2000/-
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/Notifications/2024/BIE-ENROLMENT-731-2024.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/notifications.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION,
KARACHI
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Karachi - 74700
REF: BIE/ENROLMENT / 7.54. /2024 paren: /£/03 / 2e2Y
‘The Principals of All Government
Recognized / Affiliated Intermediate Colleges,
& Higher Secondary Schools,
Karachi Region,
Karachi,
Not CATION
SUBJECT: COLLECTION OF ENROLMENT FORMS FOR THE HSC PART-I_ANNUAL
EXAMINATIONS 2024 WITH PENALTY OF Rs.2000/-.
With reference to the previous Notifications / letter No. BIE/ENROLMENT/71 1/2024 dated 25-01-
2024, BIE/ENROLMENT/706/2023 dated 22-12-2023 and letter No» BIE/ENROLMENT/692/2023 dated 22-1 1-
2023 it is hereby notified for the information of all concerned that the Board has revised the schedule for
submission of Enrolment forms of the students of all Govérnment Affiliated Institutions (Colleges/Higher
Secondary Schools) for the HSC Part-l Annual Examinations-2024, in this respect the Enrolment forms shall be
submitted with penalty of Rs.2,000/- per candidate, according to the given instructions, mentioned at Page No-02.
NOTE: INCOMPLETE ENROLMENT FORM/S WILL NOT BE ACCEPTABLE.
TECHNOLOGY FOR HSC PART-I, ANNUAL EXAMINATION 2024,
DESCRIPTION f—rrom— [ to |
Extension in date for Submission of Enrolment
Form/s in the Govt. affiliated —_ Institutions
(Colleges / H.S.S.)
18-03-2024 01-04-2024
MONDAY MONDAY
Submission of Enrolment Forms in the Board
Office Accounts Section Room No.04 along | WEDNESDAY FRIDAY
with consolidated Pay Order duly prepared on 03-04-2024 05-04-2024
ree before 02.04.2024 (Tuesday).
Continued on Page No.2...
INSTRUCTIONS FOR STUDENTS;
2. Enrolment form is available now online at official website of the Board
hitps://www. biek edu pk
2. Student have to follow the below procedure;
a Click on Online Enrolment Web Portal system.
b. If you are new, then please register yourself first with Email and Password and
remember for further corrections and changes.
When you register, please update your profile.
After completion of profile, please click on the enrolment button.
Enter your credentials/data in the required fields according to matriculation
details.
{Attach your picture (Passport size with blue background), S.S.C. (Matric) mark-
sheet and college admission receipts and upload it.
& Ifyou are from Other Board then you must have to submit/upload Permission from
the BIEK and also Migration Certificate form concerned Board,
h. If you are O-Level / International Student then you have to take the equivalency
from IBCC and upload instead of Migration.
i. Finally the system will show one PDF file of Enrolment form, please download it
and print it.
j. Kindly submit this Printed Enrolment form as Hardcopy at your concerned college.
pen
ISTRUCTIO! ‘OR ONS:
1, Please open the web portal hitps:/institute.biek.edu.pk, which is specially designed
for institutions.
2. It will ask the user id-and password, please enter user id and password, which will
provide you by our IT Section secretly.
3. When you logged in; please verify/approve the students, which enrolment forms
that you have received and make sure that all students’ pictures, $.S.C. (Matric) Data,
Group/Faculty, and College name and other documents are according to the
required format that have been attached by the students and they are genuine and
verified. (Incorrect format of pictures, selfies and other forge documents will not be
entertain by the BIEK and deem to be cancelled).
4. sper the Board's schedule or announcement of dates of enrollment; the portal will be
active, and the colleges must verify all the submitted enrolment forms and check all the
credentials of their student.
5. Institution must have to approve the form of each student on Enrolment Portal. The
list of enrolment must be generated and download from the web portal with QR
Code and complete in all respect and signed by concerned Principal/Head
Master/Head Mistress in triplicate (Accounts, Enrolment, IT) submitted along with
fee vouchers/slip (ifrequired) in the account section of the Board.
6. Permission is required for Change of Board if S.C. is passed from Other than Board
of Secondary Education, Karachi, Gap Permission ts required if SS.C. is passed
before 2022, scanned Original Migration Certificate if S.S.C. is passed from Other
than Board of Secondary Education Karachi, Equivalence Certificate from IBCC for
those students who pass the G.C.E. (O’Level) Examination, accordingly and upload it.
Continued on Page 0.3.
Those candidates who ought to appear afresh again in H1.S.C, Part-l in same faculty
from same college shall not get new admission and enrolment again. Only Part-I
repeat permission shall apply on prescribed form and fee. Form can be downloaded
from official website,
‘The provisionally admitted students (if any) as permissible under the rules, should
compulsorily be sent to the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi clearly stating
the reason for allowing their provisional admission. The Enrolment Porms should
immediately be sent to the Board with eligibility certificate.
‘Those students who have passed Technical School Certificate Examination or those
students who have passed their S.S.C. Examination with Computer Science are not
cligible to take Admission in Pre-Medical Group,
10. No enrolment form shall be entertained from any institution without Affiliation
ex AM eee
10.
uu
12.
from Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
Kor
(SHUJ, {ASHMI)
SECRETARY (Acting)
PSS to Principal Secretary to Chief Minister Sindh, Chief Minister's House, Karachi,
PSS to the Secretary, Universities & Boards Department, Govt of Sindh, Karachi.
‘The Director Colleges, Karachi Region, Govt of Sindh; Karachi
‘The Director Schools, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
‘The Director, Press information Department, Block-95, Sadder;Karacht
‘The News Editor of Local Dailies for favor of Publication as news item through their esteemed dailies.
‘The News Editor, Karachi Television, Karachi for Broadcast / Telecast over TV as a news item.
‘The In-Charge City Service Cell, Pakistan Broadcasting House, MAvJinnah Road, Karachi for repeated
‘announcement.
PS to Chairman / AS (Co-ordination), BIE,Karachl.
PA to Secretary / Controller of Examination, BIE, Karachi
All Officers / Sections, BIE,Karachi
‘The Deputy Director Information, BIE, Karachi.
