Notifications regarding Collection of Enrolment Forms and submission of Fee there of for the HSC Part-I Annual Examinations 2025
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/Notifications/2024/Enrolment-govt-2025.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/notifications.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Karachi - 74700
@ WBleEkarachi ©) Mrie_karachi © www.biek edu.pk
REF; BIE/ENROLMENT /204/ 2024 paren: OF -(1-20y
‘The Principals of All Government
Recognized / Affiliated Intermediate Colleges,
& Higher Secondary Schools,
Karachi Region,
Karachi.
NOTE: INCOMPLETE ENROLMENT FORMS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTABLE.
SUBJECT: COLLECTION OF ENROLMENT EORMS FOR THE HSC PART-1 ANNUAL
EXAMINATIONS 2025,
It is to inform you that the Board has announced the schedule in connection for
submission of Enrolment form of the students of all Government affiliated Institution
(Colleges/Higher Secondary Schools) for the HSC Part-I Annual Examinations-2025
NOTE: As per directive of Honorable Chiet Minister Sindh the Enrolment Fee of all Govt.
Institutions(Colleges / Higher Secondary Schools) have been waived off.
DESCRIPTION | FRom To
MONDAY FRIDAY
1 it Fe in the Govt.
Submission of Enrolment Forms in $5-189024 s2ea8
affiliated Institutions / Colleges.
Submission of Enrolment Forms in the Board MONDAY | THURSDAY
Office Accounts Section Room No.04. 27-01-2025 30-01-2025
Continued on page No.2...
INSTRUCTIONS FOR STUDENTS:
1, Enrolment form is available now online at official website of the Board
http://www bhek.edu.pk
2, — Student have to follow the below procedure:
@) Click on Online Enrolment Web Portal system.
b) If you are new, then please register yourself first with Email and Password and
remember for further corrections and changes.
©) When you register, please update your profile.
4) After completion of profile, please click on the enrolment button.
€) Enter your credentials/data in the required fields according to matriculation
details,
f) Attach your picture (Passport size with blue background), SS.C. (Matric) mark-
‘sheet and college admission receipts and upload it:
8) Ifyou are from Other Board then you must have to submit/upload Permission from
the BIEK and also Migration Certificate form concerned Board.
Mf you are O-Level / International Student then you.have to take the equivalency
from IBCC and upload instead of Migration.
1) Finally the system will show one PDF file of Enrolment form, please download it
and printit.
J) Kindly submit this Printed Enrolment form as Hardcopy at your concerned college.
hy)
u Us Fi IONS:
1. Please open the web portal https: institute biekedipl which is specially designed for
institutions,
2, It will ask the user id and password, please enter user id'and password, which will
provide you by our IT Section secretly. .
3. When you logged in; please verify/approve the students, which enrolment forms that
you have received and make-sure that all students” pictures, SS.C. (Matric) Data,
Group/Faculty, and College name and other documents are according to the required
format that have been attached by the students and they are genuine and verified.
(Incorrect format of pictures, selfies and other forge documents will not be entertain by
the BIEK and deem to be cancelled).
4, As per the Board's schedule or announcement of dates of enrollment; the portal will be
active, and the colleges must verify all the submitted enrolment forms and check all the
credentials of their student.
5. Institution must have to approve the form of each student on Enrolment Portal. The
list of enrolment must be generated and download from the web portal with QR Code
and complete in all respect and signed by concerned Principal/Head Master/Head
Mistress in triplicate (Accounts, Enrolment, IT) submitted along with fee vouchers/slip
(ifrequired) in the account section of the Board.
6. Permission is required for Change of Board if SS.C. is passed from Other than Board of
Secondary Education, Karachi, Gap Permission is required if SS.C. is passed before
2023, scanned Original Migration Certificate if S.S.C. is passed from Other than Board
of Secondary Education Karachi, Equivalence Certificate from IBCC for those students
who pass the G.C.E. (O'Level) Examination, accordingly and upload it
Continued on Page No.3.
7. Those candidates who ought to appear afresh again in H.S.C. Part-I in same faculty
from same college shall not get new admission and enrolment again. Only Part-l repeat
permission shall apply on prescribed form and fee. Form can be dovmloaded from
official website.
8. The provisionally admitted students (if any) as permissible under the rules, should
compulsorily be sent to the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi clearly stating
the reason for allowing their provisional admission. The Enrolment Forms should
immediately be sent to the Board with eligibility certificate.
9. Those students who have passed Technical School Certificate Examination or those
students who have passed their S.S.C. Examination with Computer Science are not
eligible to take Admission in Pre-Medical Group,
10.No enrolment form shall be entertained from any institution without Affiliation from
Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
PROF, AMEE! SAIN QADRI
(SECI
Copy for information:
PS. to Principal Secretary to Chief Minister Sindh, Chief Minister's House, Karachi
P.S to the Secretary, Universities & Boards Department, Govt of Sindh, Karachi.
‘The Director Colleges, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindhi, Karachi:
‘The Director Schools, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
‘The Director, Press Information Department, Block-95, Sadder, Karachi
‘The News Editor of Local Dailies for favor of Publication as Tews item through their esteemed dailies
‘The News Editor, Karachi Television, Karachi for Broadcast / Telecast over TV asa news item.
‘The In-Charge City Service Cell, Pakistan’ Broadcasting House, M.A Jinnah Road, Karachi for repeated
announcement.
9. PSto Chairman / AS (Co-ordination), BIE,Karachi
10, PAto Secretary / Controller of Examination, BIE,Karachi.
11, All Officers / Sections, BIE,Karachl
12, The Deputy Director Information, BIE, Karachi.
PNAMe ENE
