Acceptance of Enrolment forms for the HSC Part-I Annual Examinations 2024 for Successful Candidates of SSC Supplementary Examinations 2023
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/Notifications/2024/Govt. Colleges.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/notifications.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Karachi - 74700
@ pBlekarachi ©) ie_karachi @ www.biek.edu.pk
REP: BIE/ENROLMENT /745/2024 DATED: 28,03,2024
The Principals of All Government
Recognized | Affiliated Intermediate Colleges,
& Higher Secondary Schools,
Karachi Region,
Karachi,
N CATION
SUBJECT: — ACCEPTANCE_OF_ENROLMENT_FORMS_FOR_THE_HSC_PART-I_ANNUAL
EXAMINATIONS 2024. FOR SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES OF SSC SUPPLEMENTARY
EXAMINATION 2023.
It is to inform you that the Boar has annouriced the schedule in cétngction for'submission of Enrolment forms
for the successful candidates of Narifination 2023 ofall Government affiliated Institutions
for the HSC Part-] Annual Exar
| DESCRIPTION FROM To
——_
| Submission of Enrolment Form/s in the Govt. FRIDAY TUESDAY
| affiliated Institutions (Colleges / 11,5.) 05-04-2024 07-05-2024
| Submission of Enrolment Forms in the Board
Office Accounts Section Room No.04 on or
before 08.05.2024 (Wednesday).
THURSDAY FRIDAY
09-05-2024 10-05-2024
NOTE: As per directive of Honorable Chief Minister Sindh the Enrolment Fee of all
Government Institutions (Colleges / Higher Secondary Schools) have been waived off.
Continued on Page No.2
INSTRUCTIONS FOR STUDENTS:
1. Enrolment form is available now online at official website of the Board
ttps://www. biek edu pk
2 Student have to follow the below procedure:
a. Click on Online Enrolment Web Portal system.
b MH you are new, then please register yourself first with Email and Password and
remember for further corrections and changes.
When you register, please update your profile.
4. After completion of profile, please click on the enrolment button,
€. Enter your credentials/data in the required fields according to matriculation
details.
f. Attach your picture (Passport size with blue background), S.C. (Matric) mark-
sheet and college admission receipts and upload it.
&. Ifyou are from Other Board then you must have to submit/upload Permission from
the BIEK and/also Migration Certificate form concerned Board.
h. If you are O-Level / International Student then you have to take the equivalency
from IBCCand upload instead of Migration.
i, Finally the system will show one PDF file of Enrolment form, please download it
and print it.
j. _ Kindly submit this Printed Enrolment form as Hardcopy at your concerned college.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTITUTIONS:
1. Please open the web portal https:/institute.biekedu.pk, which is specially designed
for institutions,
2. It will ask the userid and password, please enter user id and password, which will
provide you by our IT Section secretly.
3. — When you logged in; please verify/approve the students, which enrolment forms
that you have received and make sure that all students’ pictures, $S.C. (Matric) Data,
Group/Faculty, and College name and other documents are according to the
required format that have been attached by the students and they are genuine and
verified. (Incorrect format of pictures, selfies and other forge documents will not be
entertain by the BIEK and deem to be cancelled).
4. Asper the Board's schedule or announcement of dates of enrollment; the portal will be
active, and the colleges must verify all the submitted enrolment forms and check all the
credentials of their student.
5. __ Institution must have to approve the form of each student on Enrolment Portal. The
list of enrolment must be generated and download from the web portal with QR
Code and complete in all respect and signed by concerned Principal/Head
Master/Head Mistress in triplicate (Accounts, Enrolment, IT) submitted along with
fee vouchers/slip (ifrequired) in the account section of the Board,
6. Permission is required for Change of Board if S.S.C. is passed from Other than Board
of Secondary Education, Karachi, Gap Permission is required if SS.C. is passed
before 2022, scanned Original Migration Certificate if S.S.C. is passed from Other
than Board of Secondary Education Karachi, Equivalence Certificate from IBCC for
those students who pass the G.C.E. (O'Level) Examination, accordingly and upload it.
Continued on Page No.3.
7. Those candidates who ought to appear afresh again in I.S.C. Part-l in same faculty
from same college shall not get new admission and enrolment again. Only Part-I
repeat permission shall apply on prescribed form and fee. Form can be downloaded
from official website,
8.‘ The provisionally admitted students (if any) as permissible under the rules, should
compulsorily be sent to the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi clearly stating
the reason for allowing their provisional admission. The Enrolment Forms should
immediately be sent to the Board with eligibility certificate,
9. Those students who have passed Technical School Certificate Examination or those
students who have passed their $.S.C. Examination with Computer Science are not
eligible to take Admission in Pre-Medical Group.
10. No enrolment form shall be entertained’ from any institution without Affiliation
from Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
va
(SHUJAAT HASHMI)
SECRETARY (Acting)
1 PS. to Principal Secretary to Chief Minister Sindh, Chief Minister's House, Karachi.
2. PS tothe Secretary, Universities & Boards Department, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
3. The Director Colleges, Karachi Region, Govt. Of Sindh, Karachi,
4. The Director Schools, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
5. The Director, Press Information Department, Block-95, Sadder, Karachi.
6 ‘The News Editor of Local Dailies for favor of Publication as news item through their esteemed dailies.
7. TheNews Editor, Karachi Television, Karachi for Broadcast / Telecast over TV as a news item.
& ‘The In-Charge City Service Cell, Pakistan Broadcasting House, M.A finnah Road, Karachi for repeated
announcement:
9. PSto Chairman / AS (Co-ordination), BIE,Karachi,
10. PA to Secretary / Controller of Examination, BIE,Karachi.
11, All Officers / Sections, BIE,Karachi
12. The Deputy Director Information, BIE, Karachi.
