Collection of Enrolment Forms for the HSC Part-I Annual Examinations 2024 with penalty of Rs. 2000/-
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/Notifications/2024/BIE-ENROLMENT-732-2024.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/notifications.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION,
KARACHI
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Karachi - 74700
NORIE/ENROLMENT / 2.522024 paren: LL/03/%224
The Principals of All Private
Recognized / Affiliated Intermediate Colleges,
& Higher Secondary Schools.
Karachi Region,
Karachi,
SUBJECT: — COLLECTION OF ENROLMENT FORMS-AND SUBMISSION OF FEE FOR HSC
With reference t0_“this office.) previoil8 Notifications / Letters No.
BIE ENROLMENT/712 2024 dated 25-01-2024, No,BIEENROLMENT/708/2024 dated 22-12-2023 and No.
23 i is hereby notified, for the information of all concerned that,
revised the schedule with penalty for submission of Enrolment forms of the
students of all Private Affiliated Institutions (Colleges / Higher Secondary Schools) for the HSC Part-I,
‘Annual Examinations 2024.
The Enrolmént forms (faculty wise) along with preséribed Enrolment fee @ Rs.2,100 +
Rs.2,000(Penalty) = Total Rs.4,100/= per candidate, in the shape of consolidated Pay Order in favor of the
Secretan, Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi with complete list of students in quadruplet (four
copies) admitted in the first Year, in which, separately mention the Other Boards Admission cases & Re ~
Admission cases. One copy of the list must also belsubmitted in the Enrolment Section at the time of the
submission of Enrolment Forms in the Aecounts Section.
DESCRIPTION FROM To |
Extension in date for Submission of Enrolment 18-03-2024 01-04-2024
Forms in the Private Affiliated Institutions, MONDAY MONDAY
Submission of Enrolment Forms in the Board
Office Accounts Section Room No.04 along | WEDNESDAY FRIDAY
with consolidated Pay Order duly prepared on 03-04-2024 05-04-2024
or before 02.04.2024 (Tuesday).
NOTE: INCOMPLETE ENROLMENT FORMS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTABLE.
Continued on Page NO.2...
INSTRUCTIONS FOR STUDENTS:
1, Enrolment form is available now online at official website of the Board
hitps//wow.bick.edunk
2. Student have to follow the below procedure:
& Glick on Online Enrolment Web Portal system,
b. I you are new, then please register yourself first with Email and Password and
remember for further corrections and changes.
When you register, please update your profile,
After completion of profile, please click on the enrolment button.
Enter your credentials/data in the required fields according to matriculation
details.
{Attach your picture (Passport size with blue background), S.C. (Matric) mark-
sheet and college admission receipts and upload it.
& Ifyou are from Other Board then you must have to submit/upload Permission from
the BIEK and also Migration Certificate form concerned Board.
h. If you are O-Level// International Student then you have to take the equivalency
from IBCC and upload instead of Migration:
4. Finally the system will show one PDF file of Enrolment form, please download it
and printit.
j. Kindly submit this Printed Enrolment form as Hardcopy at your concerned college.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTITUTIONS:
1. Please open the Web portal https:/institute biekedupk, which is specially designed
for institutions.
2. It will ask the user id and password, please enter user id and password, which will
provide you by our IT Section secretly.
3. When you logged in; please verify/approve the students, which enrolment forms
that you have received and make sure tharall students’ pictures, $S.C. (Matric) Data,
Group/Faculty, and College name and other documents are according to the
required format that have been attached by the students and they are genuine and
verified. (Incorrect format of pictures, selfies and other forge documents will not be
entertain by the BIEK and deem to be cancelled).
4. Asper the Board's schedule or announcement of dates of enrollment; the portal will be
active, and the colleges must verify all the submitted enrolment forms and check all the
credentials of their student.
5. __ Institution must have to approve the form of cach student on Enrolment Portal. The
list of enrolment must be generated and download from the web portal with QR
Code and complete in all respect and signed by concerned Principal/Head
Master/Head Mistress in triplicate (Accounts, Enrolment, IT) submitted along with
fee vouchers/slip (i required) in the account section of the Board.
6. — Permission is required for Change of Board if S.S.C. is passed from Other than Board
of Secondary Education, Karachi, Gap Permission is required if S.C. is passed
before 2022, scanned Original Migration Certificate if SS.C. is passed from Other
than Board of Secondary Education Karachi, Equivalence Certificate from IBCC for
those students who pass the G.C.E. (O’Level) Examination, accordingly and upload it.
Continued on Page No.3...
7. ‘Those candidates who ought to appear afresh again in H.S.C. Part-I in same faculty
from same college shall not get new admission and enrolment again, Only Part-I
repeat permission shall apply on prescribed form and fee. Form can be downloaded
from official website.
8. The provisionally admitted students (if any) as permissible under the rules, should
compulsorily be sent to the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi clearly stating
the reason for allowing their provisional admission. The Enrolment Forms should
immediately be sent to the Board with eligibility certificate.
9. Those students who have passed Technical School Certificate Examination or those
students who have passed their S.S.C- Examination with Computer Science are not
eligible to take Admission in Pre-Medical Group.
10. No enrolment form shall be entertained from any institution without Affiliation
from Board of Intermediate Education Karachi:
7
(SHUJAAT HASHMI)
SECRETARY (Acting)
Copy for information:
1. PS.to Principal Secretary to Chief Minister Sindh, Chief Minister's House, Karachi.
2. PStothe Secretary, Universities & Boards Department, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
3 ‘The Director Colleges, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi,
4 ‘The Director Schools, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
5. ‘The Director, Press Information Department, Block-95, Sadder, Karachi.
6 ‘The News Editor of Local Dailies for favor of Publication as news item through their esteemed dailies.
‘The News Editor, Karachi Television, Karachi for Broadcast / Telecast over TV as a news item.
‘The In-Charge City Service Cell, Pakistan Broadcasting House, MA Jinnah Road, Karachi for repeated
announcement
9. PSto Chairman / AS (Co-ordination), BIE, Karachi,
10. P-Ato Secretary / Controller of Examination, BIE,Karachi.
11. All Officers / Sections, BIE,Karachi
12. The Deputy Director Information, BIE, Karachi.
