Enrolment  2024 Notification for Private Institutions
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/Notifications/2024/Enrolment Notification for Pvt. Institutions.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/notifications.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION,
KARACHI
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Karachi - 74700
NO:BIE/ENROLMENT /7/ 2 / 2024 pATED: 25.02.2024.
‘The Principals of All Private
Recognized / Affiliated Intermediate Colleges,
& Higher Sceondary Schools,
Karachi Region,
Kamehi.
NOTIFICATION
SUBJECT: COLLECTION OF ENROLMENT-FORMS-AND SUBMISSION OF FEE FOR HSC
PART-LANNUAL EXAMINATIONS 2024 WITH PENALTY OF RS.1000/-,
With reference to this office previous™Notifications / Letters No.
BIE/ENROLMENT/70S/2024 dated 22-12-2023 and No. BIE/ENROLMENTI691/2023. dated 22-11-2023 it is
hereby notified for the information of all concerned that, the Board has revised the schedule with penalty
for submission of Enrolment forms of the students of all Private Affiliated Institutions (Colleges / Higher
Secondary Schools) for the HSC Part-I, Annual Examinations 2024.
The Enrolment forms (faculty wise) along with prescribed Enrolment fee @ Rs.2,100 +
Rs.1,000(Penalty) = Total Rs.3;10G/= per candidate, in the shape of consolidated Pay Order in favor of the
i i i with complete list of students in quadruplet (four
copies) admitted in the first year, in which, separately mention the Other Boards Admission cases & Re ~
Admission cases. One copy of the list must also be submitted in the Enrolment Section at the time of the
submission of Enrolment Forms in the Accounts Section. ~~
01-02-2024 15-02-2024
THURSDAY THURSDAY
Extension in date for Submission of Enrolment
Forms in the Private Affiliated Institutions,
Submission of Enrolment Forms in the Board
Office Accounts Section Room No.0¢ along | | MONDAY
with consolidated Pay Order duly prepared on | 19-02-2024
or before 16.02.2024.
TUESDAY
20-02-2024
NOTE: INCOMPLETE ENROLMENT FORMS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTABLE.
Continued on Page No.2...
IN: 0)
1. Enrolment form Is available now online at official website of the Board
hnttps://www.blek.edu.pk
2, Student have to follow the below procedure:
tu Click on Online Enrolment Web Portal system.
i Password and
b. Ifyou are new, then please register yourself first with Email an
remember for further corrections and changes.
c. When you register, please update your profile.
d. After completion of profile, please click on the enralment button.
Enter your credentials/data in the required fields according to matriculation
details.
Attach your picture (Passport size with blue background), S.S.C. (Matric) mark-
sheet and college admission receipts and upload it.
Ifyou are from Other Board then you must have (o'submit/upload Permission from
the BIEK and also Migration Certificate form concerned Board.
Ifyou are O-Level //International Student then you have to take the equivalency
from IBCC and upload instead of Migration.
i, Finally the system will show one PDF file of Enrolment form, please download it
and print it.
Kindly submit this Printed Enrolment form as Hardcopy at your concerned college.
i
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTITUTIONS:
1. Please open the web portal https:/institutebiek.edu.pk, which is specially designed
for institutions.
2. It will ask the user Id aiid password, please enter user id and password, which will
provide you by oiir IT Section secretly.
3. — When you logged 1:1; please verify/approve the students; which enrolment forms
that you have received and make sure that all students’ pictures, S.S.C. (Matric) Data,
Group/Faculty, and Col‘ege name, and-other documents are according to the
required format that have txeen attached by the students ind they are genuine and
verified. (Incorrect format of ;nictures, selfies and other forge documents will not be
entertain by the BIEK and deem b2 be cancelled).
4. Asper the Board's schedule or annc'uncement of dates of enrollment; the portal will be
active, and the colleges must verify ali' the submitted enrolment forms and check all the
credentials of their student.
5. _ Institution must have to approve the fo1:m of each student on Enrolment Portal. The
list of enrolment must be generated and download from the web portal with QR
Code and complete in all respect and signed by concerned Principal/Head
Master/Head Mistress in triplicate (Accounts, Enrolment, IT) submitted along with
fee vouchers/slip (if required) in the account sev:tion ofthe Board.
6. Permission Is required for Change of Board if $.8%.C. Is passed from Other than Board
of Secondary Education, Karachi, Gap Permission is required if S.S.C. is passed
before 2022, scanned Original Migration Certificate if S.S.C. is passed from Other
than Board of Secondary Education Karachi, Equivalence Certificate from IBC for
those students who pass the G.C.E. (O'Level) Examin. tion, accordingly and upload it.
Continued on Page No.3.
7
9
10.
PN OMA wee
11
12.
‘Those candidates who ought to appear afresh again In H.C, Partel In same faculty
from same college shall not get new admission and enrolment again. Only Part-I
repeat permission shall apply on prescribed form and fee. Form can be downloaded
from official website.
The provisionally admitted students (if any) as permissible under the rules, should
compulsorily be sent to the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi clearly stating
the reason for allowing their provisional admission, The Enrolment Forms should
immediately be sent to the Board with eligibility certificate.
Those students who have passed Technical School Certificate Examination or those
students who have passed their $,5,C. Examination with Computer Science are not
eligible to take Admission in Pre-Medical Group.
No enrolment form shall be entertained from any institution without Affiliation
from Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
(HAROON RASHEED)
SECRETARY (Acting)
PS. to Principal Secretary to Chief Minister Sindh, Chlef Minister's Hose, Karachi.
PS to the Secretary, Universities & Boards Department, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi.
‘The Director Colleges, Karachi Region, Govt-of Sindh Karachi.
The Director Schools, Karachi Region, Govt. of Sindh, Karachi:
‘The Director, Press Information Department, Block-95, Sadder; Karachi:
‘The News Editor of Local Dailies for favor of Publication as news item through their esteemed dailies,
The News Editor, Karachi Television, Karachi for Broadcast / Telecast over TV asa news item.
‘The In-Charge City Service Cell, Pakistan Broadcasting House; MA Jinnah Road, Karachi for repeated
‘announcement.
PSto Chairman / AS (Co-ordination), BIE,Karachi,
PAto Secretary / Controller of Examination, BIE, Karachi,
All Officers / Sections, BIE,Karacht
‘The Deputy Director Information, BIE, Karachi,
( [USSAIN)
sis!
ENROLMENT SECTION
ite: www.biek
