Tender 
                  Document, Request For Proposal (RFP) for Special Chance Candidates 
                  Management Module Development & Integeration With Existing 
                  Examinations, Enrolment and Registration System  11-04-2019  
                   ( N E W )
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2018-2019/Special%20Chance%20Tender/new%20RFP.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

Board of Intermediate Education Karachi
Page # 1 of 9
Request for Proposal (RFP)
SPECIAL CHANCE CANDIDATES
MANAGEMENT MODULE
DEVELOPMENT & INTEGRATION
WITH EXISTING
EXAMINATIONS, ENROLMENT, &
REGISTRATION SYSTEM
Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi
2019
Page # 2 of 9
Table of Contents
1. Introduction…………………………………………………………………………………………….
3
2. Requirements………………………………………………………………………………………….
2.1
Special Chance Management Module
2.2
Major Expertise required
3.0
Existing Infrastructure …………………………………………………………………………….
7
4.0
General ……………………………………………………………………………………………...
5.0 Reporting ……………………………………………………………………………………………...
6
Criteria for Evaluation……………………………………………………………………………….….
8
6.1 General Evaluation……………………………………………………………………………..…
6.1.1 Functional Evaluation….............................................................
6.1.2 Technical Evaluation…………………………………………………………………...
6.1.3 Risk Evaluation…………………………………………………………………………..
6.1.4 Reference Evaluation…………………………………………………………………
6.2 Financial Evaluation……………………………………………………………………………..
5.2.1
Financial Evaluation ………………………………………………………..
12
General Terms and Conditions……………………….……………………………………………..
9
Page # 3 of 9
Details of specifications, quantities required and the terms & conditions of the tender:
Following is the detail of the specifications, quantities required and the terms & conditions of the tender
notice published in the newspapers.
1
Introduction
The Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi (BIEK) intends SPECIAL CHANCE CANDIDATES
MANAGEMENT MODULE DEVELOPMENT & INTEGRATION WITH EXISTING EXAMINATIONS,
ENROLMENT, & REGISTRATION SYSTEM.
For this purpose, sealed bids are invited from well reputed IT companies. The sealed bid comprising of
Technical as well as Financial proposal (both separately) are to be submitted separately.
2
Requirements
Special Chance Candidates Management
a)
Board, from Annual Exams 2018, allowed previous failed candidates to appear in
examination again despite their Chances/Enrolment/Registration have been expired.
b)
Existing
system
has
no
provision
to
entertain
such
candidates
whose
Chances/Enrolment/Registration have been expired until and unless their previous
Enrolment/Registration is cancelled and new Registration is issued to appear as a
private candidate.
c)
New Module to be developed by considering these student as Special Chance
d)
Special Chances should be permitted only to those candidates who are eligible
according to the policy
e)
New Special Chance Candidates Management module should be fully integrated with
existing Examination, Enrolment and Registration Systems
f)
New Special Chance Candidates Management module should be developed following
complete process starting from detail requirement definitions, analysis, design,
development, testing, training, implementation and support
2.2 Major Expertise required:
a) Previous Project Experience of intercity Examination System required to handle with
existing examination system and able to develop the required Module with
examination’s rules with integration, and preference shall be given who have
Page # 4 of 9
extensive experience of projects in same domain and also work with any Board of
Government Offices.
b) Expert team to understand the existing organization, its IT environment and delivery
under stipulated time and resource constraints
c) Expertise to handle various types of candidates/scenarios in the system
d) Expertise to handle large database with structured and unstructured data
e) Expertise to understand the legacy/existing source code and update according to the
requirements keeping in view existing dependencies for unwanted side-effects
f) Vendors with at least 5 years experience of working on Examination Boards and/or
related education environments
3.0 EXISTING INFRASTRUCTURE
Tools have to be used to develop the required module:
3.1 DATABASE
Applicant must possess experience of database management system and its application in general
and following in particular:
a) Oracle 11g Database
b) Relational Database Concepts
c) Database Architecture, Administration and Tuning
d) Client Server Architecture
e) Expertise in handling PL/SQL and Packages, Procedure, Views, User Defined Types
(e.g. Object Types), and other related objects and structures.
f) Expertise of database performance monitoring and optimization
3.2 MICROSOFT DOT NET FRAMEWORK:
Applicant must possess expertise over following technologies and be able to create new module
with:
a) MS Dot Net Framework based Applications
b) Desktop Application with Windows Forms
c) Web Application with Asp.Net Web Forms, Asp.Net MVC
d) Programming languages: C#, VB.Net, Html, CSS, Javascript
Page # 5 of 9
e) .Net Report Designer/Viewer for Desktop and Web Applications
f) Multi-User and Multi-Session Environment
g) Able to access anywhere via secure user ID
h) Maintain more than one session
i)
Audit Trail
j)
Application Logs
k) Optimization of application performance
3.3 OPERATING SYSTEM:
Microsoft Windows 2003 and 2008 Server
Page # 6 of 9
GENERAL
a. The Board of Intermediate Education Karachi (BIEK) has formulated elaborate rules and
regulations to regulate, conduct and develop intermediate education. BIEK has automated
and deployed all related aforementioned software systems. Now focusing on concerned
departments, which are the main facilitator and required Software Solutions according to the
said RFS with integrations and current environment. Hence it’s the job of BIEK to ensure
proper, secure, confidential and timely examinations. The proposed solution/system must
have proven ability to meet the above mentioned requirement.
b. The Support should have a secure fault-tolerant and highly reliable for current scenario.
c.
Technical manuals (If available) shall be provided of each item is required.
d. All training manuals (If available) of each item is required in detail.
e. Maintenance Schedule is required of each item mentioned above accordingly.
f.
The vendor may also give the complete schedule of Support program.
g.
Backup plan of hardware may also describe in your support proposal in detail.
h. Above item may be provided by the different vendors as per bid, rules and regulations of
tender process; therefore concerned vendor may take care of all the above mentioned
general conditions.
i.
If any item is become out of order or malfunctioned then vendor may please provide the
items on urgent basis with submission of delivery challan and concerned item invoice for
approval and payment.
5.0
Reporting
5.0.1 Initial Report
●
The vendor must provide the current position and the existing situation of the each item
mentioned from clause 2.0.1 to 2.0.2 software by software.
Vendor must provide access for a reporting and retrieval tool that works across modules and
generate the log report of Software errors.
In case of any failure the report shall be provided from vendor with their logo or letterhead.
Page # 7 of 9
6.0
Criteria for Evaluation
The criteria for evaluation will also include:
Technical Proposal
6.1
General Evaluation
6.1.1
Technical Evaluation
6.1.2
Functional Evaluation
6.1.3
Risk Evaluation
6.1.4
Reference Evaluation
6.2
Evaluation for decision
6.2.1
6.2.1.1 Oracle development Expertise
6.2.1.2 C#, VB.NET, HTML, CSS, ASP MVC Expertise
6.2.1.3 Multi User and Multi Session Handling Expertise
6.2.1.4 Web Application Interfacing and DB Connectivity Expertise
6.2.1.5 Client Server Application Required
6.2.1.6 Examination System Information of Any Board
6.2.1.7 Board’s Examinations Rules of Karachi Intermediate
The final evaluation is totally dependent on the technical capability of
companies and their expert’s profile related to Projects.
7.0
Financial Proposal
7.0.1
One Year Support Cost describe on quarterly basis
7.0.2
Total Cost of Ownership
Page # 8 of 9
8.0
General Terms and Conditions
Tenders should be addressed to the Secretary Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
Tender should be accompanied with the pay order 3% of the quoted value in favour of the Secretary
Board on Intermediate Education, Karachi towards earnest money (Cheques Shall not be accepted)
Tender without pay orders, similarly conditional tenders shall not be accepted
Pay order of unsuccessful parties will be returned within 20 days after opening the tenders while pay
orders successful party/parties will be refunded after three months of the completion of the supply.
If any party backs out on any pretext he shall be black listed and the security money of the party
concerned shall stand fortified.
Complete supply should be made within stipulated time failing which penalty @2% of the bill will be
deducted for delay.
If any disputed arises between Board and the party, the decision of the chairman shall be final and
acceptable to both the parties.
The office has the right to increase or decrease the items or quantity or amend which the office
deems proper.
The Chairman reserve the right to accept or reject any or all tenders without assigning any reason
thereof.
Tender must be submitted on or before 30-04-2019 by 2:30Pm and will be opened on the same day at
3:00Pm in presence of the tenderers who wish to be present on the occasion.
Photocopy of General Sales Tax/Registration Certificate be enclosed and income tax number should
be mentioned clearly, income tax shall be deducted from the bill as per rules.
The quoted rates shall remain valid for 120 days from the date of opening of tender. The job may be
assigned either in parts or in single work order.
No deviation shall be allowed from the specification in case of any deviation, the whole or part
consignment shall be returned at the risk and cost of the tenderer and the security deposit will be for-
fitted.
The Supply of the articles has to be made at site in good condition from the fresh stock. The article
shall have to be delivered against delivery Challan/Invoice in triplicate mentioning the
details/specification of the items under supply.
Rates should be quoted in the attached from including all Govt. Taxes No. increase of any kind will be
admissible over and above the quoted rates subsequently.
Payment shall be made on submission of Bill along with Sale Tax invoice and no advance payment
shall be admissible under any circumstances.
The Tender whose rate will be accepted will have to deposit 10% of the total amount as security
deposit the pay order of the earnest money will be adjusted towards security money.
Page # 9 of 9
S.No.
Description
Quantity
Amount
1.
Additional Module of Examination (Modular
Approach) Analyze and Software
Development of Specialized module of
Examination to adjured with the existing
System of Examination Software
2.
Maintenance / Troubleshooting of above
System for One year
SECRETARY
Zareena Rashid (ACTING)
