Technical 
                  Proposal
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2017-2018/Printing%20of%20Examination%20Sensitive%20Material/FINAL%20TECHNICAL%20PROPOSAL%20(PRINTING%202017-2018)%5B204%5D.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

Technical Proposal – Educational Credentials and Examination Material of BIE, Karachi
Page 1
BIDDING DOCUMENT
Printing of
Examination Sensitive Material
(Answer Scripts, Tabulation Registers,
Examination, Enrolment, Registration
Forms, Miscellaneous Forms, Envelopes,
File Boards, File Covers Etc.)
(National Competitive Bidding)
(TECHNICAL PROPOSAL)
PART ONE (FIXED)
 Instructions to Bidders (ITB)
 General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
Board of Intermediate Education
Bakhtiari YouthCenter, North Nazimabad,
Karachi - 74700
Phones:
Fax: 
99260211
99260212
99260213
99260203
99260208
Page 2
Table of Contents – Part One
PART ONE – SECTION I……………………………………………………………………………..…………...
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS………………………………………………..………………………..……….
TABLE OF CLAUSES…………………………………….………………………………………………………...
PART ONE – SECTION II………………………………………………………………………………….……..
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT……………………………………………………………………
TABLE OF CLAUSES……………………………………………………………………………………………...
NOTES ON THE INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS……………………………………………………………..
NOTES ON THE GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT………………………………………….…..
RECIEPT
Tender document issued to M/s. __________________________________________________________,
against payment of tender document fee of Rs.1,000/- (Rupees One thousand only) (non-refundable /
non-transferable) through Pay order / demand draft No. ______________ Dated _____________.
Deputy Secretary (Admin General)
Board of Intermediate Education,
Karachi.
Page 3
Section – I
Instructions to Bidders
Table of Clauses
A) INTRODUCTION
01.
Source of Funds. ………………………………………………………….........
05
02.
Eligible Bidders. …………………………………………………………..........
03
Eligible Goods & Services..………………………………………………….
04
Cost of Bidding / Contract. ………………………………………………….
Assurance. ……………………………………………………………….............
B) THE BIDDING DOCUMENT
06.
Content of Bidding Document. …………………………………………...
06
07.
Clarification of Bidding Document. ……………………………………..
08.
Amendment of Bidding Document. …………………………………….
C) PREPARATION OF BIDS
09.
Language of Bid. ………………………………………………………............
07
10.
Documents Comprising the Bid. …………………………………………
11.
Bid Form. ………………………………………………………………...............
12.
Bid Price. ………………………………………………………………...............
13.
Bid Currencies. …………………………………………………………...........
08
14.
Documents Establishing Bidder’s Eligibility & Qualifications ……
15.
Documents Establishing equipment, Eligibility and Conformity
to the Bidding Documents. …………………………………………………
16.
Earnest Money. …………………………………………………………...........
09
17.
Period of Validity of Bids. ……………………………………………….....
18.
Alternative Bids .............................................................................
19.
Format and Singing of Bid. ………………………………………………...
10
D) SUBMISSION OF BIDS
20.
Sealing and Marking of Bids. ……………………………………………..
11
21.
Deadline for Submission of Bids. ……………………………………….
22.
One bid per bidder…………………………………………………………...
23.
Late Bids. …………………………………………………………………..........
24.
Modification and Withdrawal of Bids. ………………………………
E) BID OPENING AND EVALUATION
25.
Opening of Bids. …………………………………………………………......
12
26.
Clarification of Bids. ………………………………………………………...
27.
Preliminary Examination. …………………………………………………
28.
Evaluation and Comparison of Bids. …………………………………
13
29.
Contacting the purchaser. ……………………………………………….
16
F) AWARD OF CONTRACT
30.
Purchaser’s Rights to accept or to reject any or all Bids ……
31.
Post Qualification. …………………………………………………………..
32.
Award Criteria. ……………………………………………………………....
17
33.
Purchaser’s right to vary Quantities at the time of Notification of Award.....
34.
Notification of Award. …………………………………………………….
35.
Singing of Contract. ………………………………………………………..
36.
Performance Security. …………………………………………………….
37.
Corrupt or Fraudulent Practices...............................................
18
Page 4
Page 5
A.
Introduction
The "Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi" intends to get print as well procure different
educational credentials and examination material on rate contract basis. The Governing Body of Board of
Intermediate Education Karachi has already approved necessary budget for the purpose and sufficient
funds are available to meet-out relevant expenditure.
Source of Funds:
Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi, Revenue collection.
02. Eligible Bidders.
2.1
Bidders should not be associated or have been associated in the past, directly or indirectly,
with a firm or any of its affiliates which have been engaged by the Procuring agency to provide
consulting services for the preparation of the design, specifications, and other documents to be
used for the procurement of the goods to be purchased under this Invitation for Bids.
2.2
Government-owned enterprises in the Province of Sindh may participate only if they are
legally and financially autonomous, if they operate under commercial law, and if they are not a
dependent agency of the Government of Sindh.
2.3
Bidders shall not be eligible to bid if they are under a declaration of ineligibility for corrupt
and fraudulent practices issued by the any government organization.
03. Eligible Goods and Services.
3.1
The Goods and related services to be supplied under the contracts (such services here in
after referred to services) shall have their origin in eligible countries, as specified in Section-V and
all expenditures made under the contract will be limited to such equipment and services.
3.2
For purposes of clause 3.1 above, ―origin‖ shall be considered to be the place where the
goods are mined, grown, produced, or the place from where the related services are supplied.
Goods are produced when, through manufacturing, processing, or substantial and major assembly
of components, a commercially-recognized product results that is substantially different in basic
characteristics or in purpose or utility from its components.
3.3 The origin of goods and services is distinct from the nationality of the Bidder.
04. Cost of Bidding / Contract
4.1
The Bidder shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of its bid,
and the Procuring agency named in the Bid Documents, hereinafter referred to as ―the purchase’s‖
will in no case be responsible or liable for those costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the
bidding process.
05.
Assurance
5.1
The successful bidder will be required to give satisfactory assurance of its ability and
intention to deliver the goods and services pursuant of the contract, within time set-forth therein.
Page 6
B.
The Bidding Document.
06. Contents of Bidding Document
6.1
The bidding documents include:
(a) Instructions to Bidders (ITB)
(b) Bid Data Sheet (BDS)
(c) General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
(d) Special Conditions of Contract (SCC)
(e) Schedule of Requirements
(f) Technical Specifications
(g) Bid Form and Price Schedules
(h) Bid Security Form
(i) Contract Form
(j) Performance Security Form
(k) Bank Guarantee for Advance Payment Form
(l) Manufacturer’s Authorization Form
6.2The Bidder is expected to examine all instructions, forms, terms and specifications in the
bidding documents. Failure to furnish all information required by the bidding documents or to
submit a bid not substantially responsive to the bidding documents in every respect will be at the
Bidder’s risk and may result in the rejection of its bid.
07. Clarification of Bidding Document
7.1
Prospective Bidders requiring any clarification of the bidding documents may notify the
Procuring agency in writing. The Procuring agency will respond in writing to any request for
clarification of the bidding documents which it receives no later than three (3) working days prior
to the deadline for the submission of bids prescribed in the Bid Documents. Written copies of the
Procuring agency’s response (including an explanation of the query but without identifying the
source of inquiry) will be sent to all interested bidders that have received the bidding documents.
08. Amendment of Bidding Document
8.1
At any time prior to the deadline for submission of bids, the Procuring agency, for any
reason, whether at its own initiative or in response to a clarification requested by an interested
Bidder, may modify the bidding documents by amendment
8.2
The amendment shall be the part of the Bidding documents, pursuant to clause 8.1 will be
notified in writing to all prospective Bidders who have received the Bidding documents and will be
binding on them. The Bidders will be required to acknowledge receipt of any such amendment to
the Bidding Documents.
8.3
In order to afford prospective Bidders reasonable time in which to take amendment into
account in preparing their Bids, the Purchaser may, at its discretion, extend the deadline for the
submission of Bids.
Page 7
C.
Preparation of Bids
09. Language of Bid.
9.1
The Bid prepared by the Bidder and all correspondence and documents relating to the Bid
exchanged by the Bidder and the Procuring agency, shall be written in the English Language. Any
printed literature furnished by the Bidder may be written in Urdu, Sindhi and English languages,
provide that Urdu and Sindhi literature is accompanied by an English translation, in which case, for
purpose of interpretation of the Bids, the English translation shall govern.
10. Documents Comprising the Bid.
10.1
The bid prepared by the Bidder shall comprise the following components:
(a) a Bid Form and a Price Schedule completed in accordance with ITB Clauses 11, 12 and 13;
(b) documentary evidence established in accordance with ITB Clause 14 that the Bidder is eligible
to bid and is qualified to perform the contract if its bid is accepted;
(c) documentary evidence established in accordance with ITB Clause 15 that the goods and
ancillary services to be supplied by the Bidder are eligible goods and services and conform to
the bidding documents; and
(d) Bid Security / Earnest Money furnished in accordance with Clause-16 of this document.
11. Bid Form.
11.1
The Bidder shall complete the Bid Form and the appropriate Price Schedule furnished in
the bidding documents, indicating the goods to be supplied, a brief description of the goods, and
their country of origin, quantity, and prices
12. Bid Price.
12.1
The Bidder shall indicate on the appropriate Price Schedule the unit prices (where
applicable) and total price per article and total bid price, expected countries of origin and
make/model of the goods it proposes to supply under the contract
12.2
Prices indicated on the Price Schedule shall be delivered duty paid (DDP) prices. The price
of other (incidental) services, if any, listed in the Bid Data Sheet will be entered separately.
12.3
The term DDP (Delivered Duty Paid), shall be governed by the rules prescribed in the
current edition of Inco terms published by the International Chamber of Commerce, Paris.
12.4
The Bidder’s separation of price components in accordance with ITB Clause 12.2 above
will be solely for the purpose of facilitating the comparison of bids by the Procuring agency and
will not in any way limit the Procuring agency right to contract on any of the terms offered.
12.5
Prices quoted by the Bidder shall be fixed during the Bidder’s performance of the contract
and not subject to variation on any account, unless otherwise specified in the Bid Documents. A
bid submitted with an adjustable price quotation will be treated as nonresponsive and will be
rejected, pursuant to ITB Clause 26. If, however, in accordance with the Bid Documents, prices
quoted by the Bidder shall be subject to adjustment during the performance of the contract, a bid
submitted with a fixed price quotation will not be rejected, but the price adjustment would be
treated as zero.
Page 8
13. Bid Currencies.
13.1
Price shall be quoted in Pak Rupees unless otherwise specified in the Bid Data Sheet.
14. Documents Establishing Bidder’s Eligibility and Qualification.
14.1
The Bidder shall furnish, as part of its bid, documents establishing the Bidder’s eligibility
to bid and its qualifications to perform the contract if its bid is accepted.
14.2 The documentary evidence of the Bidder’s eligibility to bid shall establish to the Procuring
agency satisfaction that the Bidder, at the time of submission of its bid, is from an eligible country.
14.3 The documentary evidence of the Bidder’s qualifications to perform the contract if its bid is
accepted shall establish to the Procuring agency satisfaction:
(a) that, in the case of a Bidder offering to supply goods under the contract which the Bidder did
not manufacture or otherwise produce, the Bidder has been duly authorized by the goods’
Manufacturer or producer to supply the goods in the Procuring agency country;
(b) that the Bidder has the financial, technical, and production capability necessary to perform the
contract;
(c) that, in the case of a Bidder not doing business within the Procuring Agency’s country, the
Bidder is or will be (if awarded the contract) represented by an Agent in that country equipped,
and able to carry-out the Supplier’s maintenance, repair, and spare parts-stocking obligations
prescribed in the Conditions of Contract and/or Technical Specifications; and
(d) that the Bidder meets the qualification criteria listed in the Bid Evaluation Criteria (Annexure A)
15. Documents Establishment Good’s Eligibility and Conformity to Bidding Documents.
15.1
Pursuant to ITB Clause 10, the Bidder shall furnish, as part of its bid, documents
establishing the eligibility and conformity to the bidding documents of all goods and services
which the Bidder proposes to supply under the contract.
15.2
The documentary evidence of the eligibility of the goods and services shall consist of a
statement in the Price Schedule of the country of origin of the goods and services offered which
shall be confirmed by a certificate of origin issued from the foreign principle.
15.3
The documentary evidence of conformity of the goods and services to the bidding
documents may be in the form of literature, drawings, and data, and shall consist of:
(a) a detailed description of the essential technical and performance characteristics of the goods;
(b) a detailed schedule of work under the contract (dispatch/work schedule) outlining key activities
and critical items on the schedule which could influence the contract completion date;
(c) a list giving full particulars, including available sources and current prices of spare parts,
special tools, etc., necessary for the proper and continuing functioning of the goods for a period
of two years, following commencement of the use of the goods by the Procuring agency; and
(d) an item-by-item commentary on the Procuring agency Technical Specifications demonstrating
substantial responsiveness of the goods and services to those specifications, or a statement of
deviations and exceptions to the provisions of the Technical Specifications.
Page 9
15.4
For purposes of the commentary to be furnished pursuant to ITB Clause 15.3(c) above, the
Bidder shall note that standards for workmanship, material, and equipment, as well as references to
brand names or catalogue numbers designated by the Procuring agency in its Technical
Specifications, are intended to be descriptive only and not restrictive. The Bidder may substitute
alternative standards, brand names, and/or catalogue numbers in its bid, provided that it
demonstrates to the Procuring agency satisfaction that the substitutions ensure substantial
equivalence to those designated in the Technical Specifications.
15.5
In order to prove that the goods offered are of acceptable quality and standard, the bidders
shall furnish the documentary evidence that the Goods offered have been in production for several
years and reasonable units of similar capacity have been sold and have been in operation
satisfactorily to the end users.
16. Bid Security (Earnest Money)
16.1 The Bidder shall furnish, as part of its bid, a bid security in the amount specified in the Bid
Data Sheet in favour of “Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
16.2
The bid security is required to protect the Purchaser against the risk of Bidder’s conduct
which would warrant the security’s forfeiture, pursuant to ITB Clause 15.6.
16.3
The bid security shall be denominated in Pak. Rupees (PKR) and shall be valid for a period
of at-least thirty (30) days beyond the validity of the Bid and shall be in form of pay order /
call deposit /demand draft or Bank Guarantee.
16.4 Any bid not secured in accordance with ITB Clauses 16.1 and 16.3 will be rejected by the
Procuring agency as nonresponsive, pursuant to ITB Clause 17.
16.5
Unsuccessful bidders’ bid security will be discharged or returned as promptly as possible,
but not later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of the period of bid validity prescribed by the
Procuring agency pursuant to ITB Clause 19.
16.6
The successful Bidder’s bid security will be discharged upon the Bidder signing the
contract, Pursuant to ITB Clause 32, and furnishing the performance security, pursuant to ITB
Clause 33.
16.7
The bid security may be forfeited:
(a) If a Bidder withdraws its bid during the period of bid validity specified by the Bidder on
the Bid Form; or
(b) In the case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails:
(i) to sign the contract in accordance with ITB Clause 33;or
(ii) to furnish performance security in accordance with ITB Clause 34.
Page 10
17. Period of Validity of Bid
17.1
Bids shall remain valid for a period not less than Ninety (90) days, after the date of bid
opening prescribed by the Procuring agency, pursuant to ITB Clause 19. A bid valid for a shorter
period shall be rejected by the Procuring agency as non-responsive.
17.2
In exceptional circumstances, the Procuring agency may solicit the Bidder’s consent to an
extension of the period of Bid validity. The request and the responses thereto shall be made in
writing. The bid security provided under ITB Clause 15 shall also be suitably extended. A Bidder
may refuse the request without forfeiting its bid security. A Bidder granting the request will not be
required nor permitted to modify its bid, except as provided in the bidding document.
17.3
In the case of fixed price contracts, if the award is delayed by a period exceeding sixty (60)
days beyond the expiry of the initial bid validity, the contract price will be adjusted by a factor
specified in the request for extension.
Alternative Bids
18.1
Bidders may submit Alternative Bids, which do not conform to the specifications of Goods
but meet the performance prescribed in, or the objectives of the specifications. However, only the
Alternative Bids of the Bidders whose main Bid is the lowest evaluated substantially responsive
Bid will be considered. If a bidder wishes to have its Alternative Bid or Bids considered on an
equal basis with all other main Bids, it shall submit a bid Earnest Money to each Alternative Bid.
All Alternative Bids submitted in this manner will be treated as main Bids. Alternative Bid must
be submitted in a sealed envelope clearly marked ―Alternative Bid‖ separate from the main Bid.
19. Format and Signing of Bid
19.1
The original of the bid shall be typed or written in indelible ink and shall be signed by the
Bidder or a person or persons duly authorized to bind the Bidder to the contract. All pages of the
bid, except for un-amended printed literature, shall be initialed by the person(s) signing the bid.
19.2
Any interlineations, erasures, or overwriting shall be valid only if they are initialed by the
person or persons signing the bid.
19.3
The Bidder shall furnish information as described in the Form of Bid on commissions or
gratuities, if any, paid or to be paid to agents relating to this Bid, and to contract execution if the
Bidder is awarded the contract.
Page 11
D. Submission of Bids
20. Sealing and Marking of bids.
20.1
The Bidder shall seal the Technical & Financial Proposals of the bid in separate envelopes,
duly marking the envelopes as “TECHNICAL” and “FINANCIAL”. Both the said envelopes
shall then be sealed in an outer envelope.
20.2
The inner and outer envelopes shall be addressed to:
The Deputy Secretary (Admin General),
Bakhtiari Youth Centre,
North Nazimabad, Karachi.
Phone: 021-99260211-13 / 99260203.
20.3
The Envelop should contain at the left corner:
Tender No. __________________,
“DO NOT OPEN BEFORE”(date & time of bid opening given in bid notice/document).
20.4
The inner envelopes shall also indicate the name and address of the Bidder to enable the bid
to be returned unopened in case of disqualification / rejection.
20.5
If the outer envelope is not sealed and marked as required by ITB Clause 20.1, the
Procuring agency will assume no responsibility for the bid’s misplacement or premature opening.
Deadline of Submission of Bids
21.1
Bids must be received by Procuring agency at the address specified under ITB Clause 20.2,
not later than the time and date specified in the Bid Notice / Documents.
21.2
The Purchaser may at its discretion, extend this deadline for the submission of bids by
amending the bidding documents in accordance with ITB Clause 8, in which case all rights and
obligations of the Procuring agency and bidders previously subject to the deadline will thereafter
be subject to the deadline as extended.
22. One Bid per Bidder
22.1
Each Bidder shall submit only one Bid either by itself or as a partner in a joint venture. A
Bidder who submits or participates in more than one Bid (except alternative Bid pursuant to Clause
18.3) will be disqualified.
Late Bids
23.1
Any bid received by the Procuring Agency after the deadline for submission of bids
prescribed by the Procuring agency pursuant to ITB Clause 21 will be declared “Late” and
rejected and may be returned unopened to the Bidder.
Modification and withdrawal of Bids.
24.1
The Bidder may modify or withdraw its bid after the bid’s submission, provided that
written notice of the modification, including substitution or withdrawal of the bids, is received by
the Procuring agency prior to the deadline prescribed for submission of bids.
Page 12
24.2
The Bidder’s modification or withdrawal notice shall be prepared, sealed, marked, and
dispatched in accordance with the provisions of ITB Clause 20. A withdrawal notice may also be
sent by Telex or Cable but must be followed by a signed confirmation copy.
24.3
No bid may be modified after the deadline for submission of bids.
24.4
No bid may be withdrawn in the interval between the deadline for submission of bids and
the expiration of the period of bid validity specified by the Bidder on the Bid Form. Withdrawal of
a bid during this interval may result in the Bidder’s forfeiture of its bid security, pursuant to the
ITB Clause 15.7.
E. Bid Opening and Evaluation
Opening of Bids by the Procuring agency
25.1
The Procuring Agency will open all bids in the presence of bidders’ representatives who
choose to attend, at the time, on the date, and at the place specified in the Bid Notice / Documents.
The bidders’ representatives who are present shall sign a register evidencing their attendance.
25.2
The bidders’ names, bid modifications or withdrawals, bid prices, discounts, and the
presence or absence of requisite bid earnest money and such other details as the Procuring agency,
at its discretion, may consider appropriate, will be announced at the opening. No bid shall be
rejected at bid opening, except for late bids, which shall be returned unopened to the Bidder
pursuant to ITB Clause 20.
25.3
Bids (and modifications sent pursuant to ITB Clause 22.2) that are not opened and read out
at bid opening shall not be considered further for evaluation, irrespective of the circumstances.
Withdrawn bids will be returned unopened to the bidders.
25.4
Information relating to the examination, clarification, evaluation and comparison of Bids
and recommendation for the award of a contract shall not be disclosed to bidders or any other
persons not officially concerned with such process. Any effort by a bidder to influence the
Purchaser’s processing of Bids or award decisions may result in the rejection of the bidder’s Bid.
25.5
The Procuring agency will prepare minutes of the bid opening.
Clarification of Bids.
26.1
To assist in the examination, evaluation and comparison of Bids, the Purchaser may at its
discretion, ask the Bidder for a clarification of its bid, if any. All responses to request for such
clarification shall be in writing, and no change in the prices or substance of the Bid shall be sought,
offered or permitted.
Preliminary Examination.
27.1
The Procuring agency or his nominee will examine the Bids to determine whether;
a) they are complete in all respect;
b) computational errors, if any have been made;
c) required sureties have been furnished
d) documents have been properly signed; and
e) bids are generally in order.
Page 13
27.2
Arithmetical errors will be rectified on the following basis:
a)If there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by
multiplying the unit price and quantity, the unit price shall prevail, and the total price
shall be corrected.
b) If the Supplier does not accept the correction of the errors, its bid will be rejected, and its
bid security may be forfeited. If there is a discrepancy between words and figures, the
amount in words will prevail.
27.3
The Procuring agency may waive any minor informality, nonconformity, or irregularity in a
bid which does not constitute a material deviation, provided such waiver does not prejudice or
affect the relative ranking of any Bidder.
27.4
Prior to the detailed evaluation, pursuant to ITB Clause 28 the Procuring agency will
determine the substantial responsiveness of each bid to the bidding documents. For purposes of
these Clauses, a substantially responsive bid is one which conforms to all the terms and conditions
of the bidding documents without material deviations. Deviations from, or objections or
reservations to critical provisions, such as those concerning Bid Security (ITB Clause 15),
Applicable Law (GCC Clause 30), and Taxes and Duties (GCC Clause 32), will be deemed to be a
material deviation. The Procuring agency determination of a bid’s responsiveness is to be based on
the contents of the bid itself without recourse to extrinsic evidence.
27.5
If a bid is not substantially responsive, it will be rejected by the Procuring Agency and may
not subsequently be made responsive by the Bidder by correction of the nonconformity.
Evaluation and Comparison of Bids
28.1
The Procuring agency will evaluate and compare the bids which have been determined to
be substantially responsive, pursuant to ITB Clause 27.
28.2
The Procuring agency evaluation of a bid will be on delivered duty paid (DDP) price
inclusive of prevailing duties and will exclude any allowance for price adjustment during the
period of execution of the contract, if provided in the bid.
28.3
The Procuring agency evaluation of a bid will take into account, in addition to the bid price
quoted in accordance with ITB Clause 11.2, one or more of the following factors as specified in the
Bid Data Sheet, and quantified in ITB Clause 25.4:
(a)
incidental costs;
(b)
delivery schedule offered in the bid;
(c)
deviations in payment schedule from that specified in the Special Conditions of Contract;
(d)
the cost of components, mandatory spare parts, and service;
(e)
the availability Procuring agency of spare parts and after sales services for the equipment
offered in the bid;
(f)
the projected operating and maintenance costs during the life of the equipment;
(g)
the performance and productivity of the equipment offered and/or
(h)
other specific criteria indicated in the Bid Data Sheet and/or in the Tech: Specifications.
Page 14
28.4
For factors retained in the Bid Data Sheet pursuant to ITB 28.3,one or more of the
following quantification methods will be applied, as detailed in the Bid Data Sheet:
(a) Incidental costs provided by the bidder will be added by Procuring agency to the delivered duty
paid (DDP) price at the final destination.
(b) Delivery schedule
(i)
The Procuring agency requires that the goods under the Invitation for Bids shall be
delivered at the time specified in the Schedule of Requirements which will be treated as
the base, a delivery ―adjustment‖ will be calculated for bids by applying a percentage,
specified in the Bid Data Sheet, of the DDP price for each week of delay beyond the base,
and this will be added to the bid price for evaluation. No credit shall be given to early
delivery; or
(ii)
The goods covered under this invitation are required to be delivered (shipped) within an
acceptable range of weeks specified in the Schedule of Requirement. No credit will be
given to earlier deliveries, and bids offering delivery beyond this range will be treated as
nonresponsive. Within this acceptable range, an adjustment per week, as specified in the
Bid Data Sheet, will be added for evaluation to the bid price of bids offering deliveries
later than the earliest delivery period specified in the Schedule of Requirement; or
(iii) The goods covered under this invitation are required to be delivered in partial shipments, as
specified in the Schedule of Requirements. Bids offering deliveries earlier or later than the
specified deliveries will be adjusted in the evaluation by adding to the bid price a factor
equal to a percentage, specified in the Bid Data Sheet, of DDP price per week of variation
from the specified delivery schedule.
(c) Deviation in payment schedule.
Bidders shall state their bid price for the payment schedule outlined in the SCC. Bids will
be evaluated on the basis of this base price. Bidders are, however, permitted to state an
alternative payment schedule and indicate the reduction in bid price they wish to offer for
such alternative payment schedule. The Procuring agency may consider the alternative
payment schedule offered by the selected Bidder; or
The SCC stipulates the payment schedule offered by the Procuring agency. If a bid
deviates from the schedule and if such deviation is considered acceptable to the Procuring
agency, the bid will be evaluated by calculating interest earned for any earlier payments
involved in the terms outlined in the bid as compared with those stipulated in this
invitation, at the rate per annum specified in the Bid Data Sheet.
Specific additional criteria indicated in the Bid Data Sheet and/or in the Technical
Specifications.
The relevant evaluation method shall be detailed in the Bid Data Sheet and/or in the
Technical Specifications.
Page 15
Alternative
28.5
Merit Point System:
The following merit point system for weighing evaluation factors can be applied if none of
the evaluation methods listed in 25.4 above has been retained in the Bid Data Sheet. The number
of points allocated to each factor shall be specified in the Bid Data Sheet.
[In the Bid Data Sheet, choose from the range of]
Evaluated price of the goods
60 to 90
Cost of common list spare parts
0 to 20
Technical features, and maintenance and operating costs
Availability of service and spare parts
Standardization
Total:-
100
The bid scoring the highest number of points will be deemed to be the lowest evaluated bid.
Contracting the Procuring Agency
29.1
Subject to ITB Clause 23, no Bidder shall contact the Procuring agency on any matter
relating to its bid, from the time of the bid opening to the time the contract is awarded. If the
Bidder wishes to bring additional information to the notice of the Procuring agency, it should do so
in writing.
29.2
Any effort by a Bidder to influence the Procuring agency in its decisions on bid evaluation,
bid comparison, or contract award may result in the rejection of the Bidder’s bid.
F.
Award of Contract(s)
30. Purchaser’s Right to Accept any Bid and to Reject any or all Bids
30.1
The Purchaser reserves the right to accept or reject any Bid and to annul the Bidding
process and reject all Bids at any time prior to award of Contract, without thereby incurring any
Liability to the affected Bidder or Bidders or any obligation to inform the affected Bidder of the
grounds for the Purchaser’s action.
31. Post Qualification
31.1
In the absence of prequalification, the Procuring agency will determine to its satisfaction
whether the Bidder that is selected as having submitted the lowest evaluated responsive bid is
qualified to perform the contract satisfactorily, in accordance with the criteria listed in Clause 13.3.
31.2
The determination will take into account the Bidder’s Financial, Technical, and production
capabilities. It will be based upon an examination of the documentary evidence of the Bidder’s
qualifications submitted by the Bidder, pursuant to ITB Clause 13.3, as well as such other
information as the Procuring agency deems necessary and appropriate.
31.3
An affirmative determination will be a prerequisite for award of the contract to the Bidder.
A negative determination will result in rejection of the Bidder’s bid, in which event the Procuring
agency will proceed to the next lowest evaluated bid to make a similar determination of that
Bidder’s capabilities to perform satisfactorily.
Page 16
Award Criteria
32.1
An affirmative determination will be prerequisite for award of the Contract to the Bidder.
A negative determination will result in rejection of the Bidder’s Bid.
32.2
The Procuring agency will award the contract to the successful Bidder whose bid has been
determined to be substantially responsive and has been determined to be the lowest evaluated bid,
provided further that the Bidder is determined to be qualified to perform the contract satisfactorily.
Procuring agency’s Right to Vary Quantities at Time of Award.
33.1
The Procuring agency reserves the right at the time of contract award to increase or
decrease, by the percentage indicated in the Bid Data Sheet, the quantity of goods and services
originally specified in the Schedule of Requirements without any change in unit price or other
terms and conditions.
Notification of Award.
34.1
Prior to the expiration of the period of bid validity, the Procuring agency will notify the
successful Bidder in writing by registered letter, to be confirmed in writing by registered letter, that
its bid has been accepted.
34.2
The notification of award will constitute the formation of the Contract until the Contract
has been affected pursuant to Clause 35.
34.3
Upon the successful Bidder’s furnishing of the performance security pursuant to ITB
Clause 34, the Procuring agency will promptly notify each unsuccessful Bidder and will discharge
its bid security, pursuant to ITB Clause 15.
Signing of Contact.
35.1
At the same time as the Procuring agency notifies the successful Bidder that its bid has
been accepted, the Procuring agency will send the Bidder the Contract Form provided in the
bidding documents, incorporating all agreements between the parties.
35.2
Within thirty (30) days of receipt of the Contract Form, the successful Bidder shall sign and
date the contract and return it to the Procuring agency.
Performance Security.
36.1
Within Seven (07) days of the receipt of notification of award from the Procuring agency,
the successful Bidder shall furnish the performance security in accordance with the Conditions of
Contract, in the Performance Security Form provided in the bidding documents, or in another form
acceptable to the Procuring agency.
36.2
Failure of the successful Bidder to comply with the requirement of ITB Clause 32 or ITB
Clause 33.1 shall constitute sufficient grounds for the annulment of the award and forfeiture of the
bid security, in which event the Procuring agency may make the award to the next lowest evaluated
Bidder or call for new bids.
Page 17
Integrity Pact - Corrupt or Fraudulent Practices.
37.1
The Bank requires that Borrowers (including beneficiaries of Bank loans), as well as
Bidders/Suppliers/Contractors under Bank-financed contracts, observe the highest standard of
ethics during the procurement and execution of such contracts. In pursuance of this policy, the
Bank:
defines, for the purposes of this provision, the terms set forth below as follows:
(i) ―corrupt practice‖ means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of anything of
value to influence the action of a public official in the procurement process or in
contract execution; and
(ii) ―fraudulent practice‖ means a misrepresentation of facts in order to influence a
procurement process or the execution a contract to the detriment of the Procuring
agency, and includes collusive practice among Bidders (prior to or after bid
submission) designed to establish bid prices at artificial non-competitive levels and to
deprive the Procuring agency of the benefits of free and open competition;
will reject a proposal for award if it determines that the Bidder recommended for award has
engaged in corrupt or fraudulent practices in competing for the contract is question;
will declare a firm ineligible, either indefinitely or for a standard period of time, to be
awarded a Government-financed contract if it at any time determines that the firm has
engaged in corrupt or fraudulent practices in com6peting for, or in executing, a
Government-financed contract.
37.2
Furthermore, Bidders shall be aware of the provision stated in sub-clause 5.4 and sub-
clause 24.1 of the General Conditions of Contract.
Page 18
Section - II
General Conditions of Contract
1. DEFINITIONS…………………………………………………………….………………………………………………
21
2. APPLICATION…………………………..……….……………………..……………………………………………….
3. COUNTRY OF ORIGIN…..……………..………………..………………………………………………………………
4. GOODS CONFORM TO THE STANDARDS………………………….………………………………………………
22
5. USE OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION; AND AUDIT BY THE GOVERNMENT….................
6. PATENT RIGHTS…..……………..………………..…………………………………………………………………..
7. PERFORMANCE SECURITY…..……………..………………..…………………………………………………….…
8. INSPECTIONS AND TESTS…..……………..………………..………………………………………………………...
23
9. PACKING…..……………..………………..…………………………………………………………………………….
10. DELIVERY AND DOCUMENTS…..……………..………………..………………………………………………..…
11. INSURANCE…..……………..………………..……………………………………………………….……………….
24
12. TRANSPORTATION…..……………..………………..………………………………………………………………
13. INCIDENTAL SERVICES…..……………..………………..……………………………………………………….…
14. SPARE PARTS…..……………..………………..…………………………………………………………………….…
15. WARRANTY…..……………..………………..…………………………………………………………………………
25
16. PAYMENT…..……………..………………..……………………………………………………………………………
17. PRICES…..……………..………………..………………………………………………………………………………
18. CHANGE ORDERS…..……………..………………..………………………………………………………………….
26
19. CONTRACT AMMENDMENTS …....……………..………………..…………………………………………………
20. ASSIGNMENT…..……………..………………..……………………………………………………………………….
21. SUBCONTRACTS…..……………..………………..…………………………………………………………………...
22. DELAYS IN THE SUPPLIER’S PERFORMANCE……..………………………………………………………….....
23. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES……..……………………………………………………………………………………….
27
24. TERMINATION FOR DEFAULT……..……………………………………………………………………………….
25. FORCE MAJEURE……..………………………………………………………………………………………………
26. TERMINATION FOR INSOLVENCY……..……………………………………………………………….………….
28
27. TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE……..………………………………………………………………………….
28. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES……..…………………………………………………………………………………..
29. GOVERNING LANGUAGE ……..……………………………………………………………………………….…….
30. APPLICABLE LAW……..……………………………………………………………………………………………….
31. NOTICES……..………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
32. TAXES AND DUTIES……..…………………………………………………………………………………………….
29
33. HEADINGS …............…..……………………………………………………………………………………………….
34. WAIVER …................…..……………………………………………………………………………………………….
35. INCOME/SALES TAX ……..……………………………………………………………………………………...…….
Page 19
1.
Definitions
1.1
In this Contract, the following terms shall be interpreted as indicated:
(a) ―The Contract‖ means the agreement entered into between the Procuring agency and
the Supplier, as recorded in the Contract Form signed by the parties, including all
attachments and appendices thereto and all documents incorporated by reference
therein.
(b) ―The Contract Price‖ means the price payable to the Supplier under the Contract for
the full and proper performance of its contractual obligation.
(c) ―The Goods‖ means all of the equipment, machinery, and/or other materials which the
Supplier is required to supply to the Procuring agency under the Contract.
(d) ―The Services‖ means those services ancillary to the supply of the Goods, such as
transportation and insurance, and any other incidental services, such as installation,
commissioning, provision of technical assistance, training, and other such obligations
of the Supplier covered under the Contract.
(e) ―GCC‖ mean the General Conditions of Contract contained in this section.
(f) ―SCC‖ means the Special Conditions of Contact.
(g) ―The Procuring agency‖ means the organization purchasing the Goods, as named in
SCC.
(h) ―The Procuring agency’s country‖ is the country named in SCC.
(i) ―The Supplier‖ means the individual or firms supplying the Goods and Services under
this Contract.
(j) ―The Project Site‖ where applicable, means the place or placed named in SCC.
(k) ―Day‖ means calendar day.
2.
Application
These General Conditions shall apply to the extent that they are not superseded by
provisions of other parts of the Contract.
3.
Country of Origin
All Goods and Services supplied under the Contract shall have their origin in the countries
and territories eligible under the rules and further elaborated in the SCC.
For purpose of this Clause, “origin” means the place where the Goods were mined, grown,
or produced, or from which the Services are supplied. Goods are produced when, through
manufacturing, processing, or substantial and major assembly of components, a commercially
recognized new product results that is substantially different in basis characteristics or in purpose
of utility from its components.
3.3
The origin of Goods and Services is distinct from the nationality of the Supplier.
Page 20
4.
Goods conform to the standard
The Goods supplied under this Contract shall conform to the standards mentioned in the
Technical Specifications, and, when no applicable standard is mentioned, to the authoritative
standards appropriate to the Goods’ country of origin. Such standards shall be the latest issued by
the concerned institution.
5.
Use of Contract Documents and Information; Inspection and Audit by the Government
The supplier shall not, without the Procuring agency’s prior written consent, disclose the
Contract, or any provision thereof, or any
specification, plan, drawing, pattern, sample, or
information furnished by or on behalf of the Procuring agency in connection therewith, to any
person other than a person employed by the Supplier in the performance of the Contract.
Disclosure to any such employed person shall be made in confidence and shall extend only as far
as may be necessary for purposes of such performance.
5.2
The Supplier shall not, without the Procuring agency’s prior written consent, make sure of
any document or information enumerated in GCC Clause 5.1 except for purposes of such
performance.
5.3
Any document, other than the Contract itself, enumerated in GCC Clause shall remain the
property of the Procuring agency and shall be returned (all copies) to the Procuring agency on
completion of the Supplier’s performance under the Contract if so required by the Procuring
agency.
5.4
The Supplier shall permit the Procuring agency to inspect the Supplier’s accounts and
records relating to the performance of the Supplier and to have them audited by auditors appointed
by the procuring agency, if so required.
6.
Patent Rights
The Supplier shall indemnify the Procuring agency against all third-party claims of
infringement of patent, trademark, or industrial design rights arising from use of the Goods or any
part thereof in the Procuring agency’s country.
7.
Performance Security
Within Fourteen (14) days of receipt of the notification of Contract award, the successful
Bidder shall furnish to the Procuring agency the performance security in the amount specified in
7.2
The proceeds of the performance security shall be payable to the Procuring agency as
compensation for any loss resulting from the Supplier’s failure to complete its obligations under
the Contract.
7.3
The performance security shall be denominated in the currency of the Contract acceptable
to the Procuring agency and shall be in one of the following forms:
A Bank Guarantee for the balance amount after conversion of Earnest Money into
Performance Security/Security Deposit, issued by a reputable bank acceptable to the
Procuring agency or in such other form as is acceptable to the Procuring agency; or
A Pay Order or Bank Draft of the amount as in Clause 7.3(a), in favour of Procuring
Page 21
7.4
The performance security will be discharged by the Purchaser and returned to the Supplier
not later than thirty (30) days following the date of completion of the Supplier’s performance
obligations under the Contract, including any warranty obligations, unless specified otherwise in
8.
Inspections and Tests
The Procuring agency or its representative shall have the right to inspect and/or to test the
Goods to confirm their conformity to the Contract specifications at no extra cost to the Procuring
Agency. SCC and the Technical Specifications shall specify what inspections and tests the
Procuring agency requires and where they are to be conducted. The Procuring agency shall notify
the Supplier in writing, in a timely manner, of the identity of any representatives retained for these
purposes.
The inspections and tests may be conducted by the “Inspection Committee of BIE
Karachi” on the premises of the Supplier or its subcontractor(s), at point of delivery, and/or at the
Goods’ final destination. If conducted on the premises of the Supplier or its subcontractor(s), all
reasonable facilities and assistance, including access to drawings and production data, shall be
furnished to the inspectors at no charge to the Procuring agency.
Should any inspected or tested Goods fail to conform to the Specifications, the Procuring
agency may reject the Goods, and the Supplier shall either replace the rejected Goods or make
alterations necessary to meet specification requirements free of cost to the Procuring agency.
8.4
The Procuring agency’s right to inspect, test and, where necessary, reject the Goods after
the Goods’ arrival in the Procuring agency’s country shall in no way be limited or waived by
reason of the Goods having previously been inspected, tested ,and passed by the Procuring agency
or its representative prior to the Goods’ shipment from the country of origin.
8.5
Nothing in GCC Clause 8 shall in any way release the Supplier from any warranty or other
obligations under this Contract.
9.
Packing
The Supplier shall provide such packing of the Goods as is required to prevent their
damage or deterioration during transit to their final destination, as indicated in the Contract. The
packing shall be sufficient to withstand, without limitation, rough handling during transit and
exposure to extreme temperatures, salt and precipitation during transit, and open storage. Packing
case size and weights shall take into consideration, where appropriate, the remoteness of the
Goods’ final destination and the absence of heavy handling facilities at all points in transit.
9.2
The packing, marking, and documentation within and outside the packages shall comply
strictly with such special requirements as shall be expressly provided for in the Contract, including
Additional requirements, if any, specified in SCC, and in any subsequent instructions ordered by
the Procuring agency.
Delivery and Documents
Delivery of the Goods shall be made by the Supplier in accordance with the terms specified
in the Schedule of Requirements. The details of shipping and/or other documents to be furnished
by the Supplier are specified in SCC.
10.2
Documents to be submitted by the Supplier are specified in SCC.
Page 22
Insurance
TheGoods supplied under the Contract shall be delivered duty paid (DDP) under which risk
is transferred to the buyer after having been delivered, hence, insurance coverage is seller’s
responsibility.
Transportation
TheSupplier is required under the Contract to transport the Goods to a specified place of
destination within the Procuring agency’s country, transport to such place of destination in the
Procuring agency’s country, including insurance and storage, as shall be specified in the Contract,
shall be arranged by the Supplier, and related costs shall be included in the Contract Price.
Incidental Services
The Supplier may be required to provide any or all of the following services, including
additional services, if any, specified in SCC:
(a) performance or supervision of on-site assembly and/or start-up of the supplied Goods;
(b) furnishing of tools required for assembly and/or maintenance of the supplied Goods;
(c) furnishing of a detailed operations and maintenance manual for each appropriate unit of the
supplied Goods;
(d) performance or supervision or maintenance and/or repair of the supplied Goods, for a period of
time agreed by the parties, provided that this service shall not relieve the Supplier of any
warranty obligations under this Contract; and
(e) Training of the Procuring agency’s personnel, at the Supplier’s plant and/or on-site, in
assembly, start-up, operation, maintenance, and/or repair of the supplied Goods.
13.2
Prices charged by the Supplier for incidental services, if not included in the Contract Price
for the Goods, shall be agreed upon in advance by the parties and shall not exceed the prevailing
rates charged for other parties by the Supplier for similar services.
Warranty
The Supplier warrants that the Goods supplied under the Contract are new, unused, of the
most recent or current models, and that they incorporate all recent improvements in design and
materials unless provided otherwise in the Contract. The Supplier further warrants that all Goods
supplied under this Contract shall have no defect, arising from design, materials, or workmanship
(except when the design and/or material is required by the Procuring agency’s specifications) or
from any act or omission of the Supplier, that may develop under normal use of the supplied Goods
in the conditions prevailing in the country of final destination.
This warranty shall remain valid for twelve (12) months after the Goods, or any portion
thereof as the case may be, have been delivered to and accepted at the final destination indicated in
the Contract, or for eighteen (18) months after the date of shipment from the port or place of
loading in the source country, whichever period concludes earlier, unless specified otherwise in
The Procuring agency shall promptly notify the Supplier in writing of any claims arising
under this warranty.
Page 23
Upon receipt of such notice, the Supplier shall, within the period specified in SCC and with
all reasonable speed, repair or replace the defective Goods or parts thereof, without costs to the
Procuring agency.
If the Supplier, having been notified, fails to remedy the defect(s)within the period
specified in SCC, within a reasonable period, the Procuring agency may proceed to take such
remedial action as may be necessary, at the Supplier’s risk and expense and without prejudice to
any other rights which the Procuring agency may have against the Supplier under the Contract.
Payment
16.1
The method and conditions of payment to be made to the Supplier under this Contract shall
be specified in SCC.
The Supplier’s request(s) for payment shall be made to the Procuring agency in writing,
accompanied by an in voiced scribing, as appropriate, the Goods delivered and Services performed,
and by documents submitted pursuant to GCC Clause10, and upon fulfillment of other obligations
stipulated in the Contract.
Payments shall be made promptly by the Procuring Agency, but in no case later than sixty
(60) days after submission of an invoice or claim by the Supplier.
16.4
The currency of payment is Pak. Rupees.
Prices
Prices charged by the Supplier for Goods delivered and Services performed under the
Contract shall not vary from the prices quoted by the Supplier in its bid, with the exception of any
price adjustments authorized in SCC or in the Procuring agency’s request for bid validity
extension, as the case may be.
Change Orders
The Procuring agency may at any time, by a written order given to the Supplier pursuant to
GCC Clause 31, make changes within the general scope of the Contract in any one or more of the
following:
(a) Drawings, designs, or specifications, where Goods to be furnished under the Contract are to be
specifically manufactured for the Procuring agency;
(b) The method of shipment or packing;
(c) The place of delivery; and/or
(d) The Services to be provided by the Supplier.
18.2
If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for,
the Supplier’s performance of any provisions under the Contract, an equitable adjustment shall be
made in the Contract Price or delivery schedule, or both, and the Contract shall accordingly be
amended. Any claims by the Supplier for adjustment under this clause must be asserted within
thirty (30) days from the date of the Supplier’s receipt of the Procuring agency change order.
Page 24
Contract Amendments
Subject to GCC Clause 18, no variation in or modification of the terms of the Contract shall
be made except by written amendment signed by the parties.
Assignment
The Supplier shall not assign, in whole or in part, its obligations to perform under this
Contract, except with the Procuring agency’s prior written consent.
Subcontracts
The Supplier shall notify the Procuring agency in writing of all subcontracts awarded under
this Contract if not already specified in the bid. Such notification, in the original bid or later, shall
not relieve the Supplier from any liability or obligation under the Contract.
Subcontracts must comply with the provisions of GCC Clause 3.
Delays in the Supplier’s Performance
Delivery of the Goods and performance of Services shall be made by the Supplier in
accordance with the time schedule prescribed by the Procuring agency in the Schedule of
Requirements.
22.2
If at any time during performance of the Contract, the Supplier or its subcontractor(s)
should encounter conditions impeding timely delivery of the Goods and performance of Services,
the Supplier shall promptly notify the Procuring agency in writing of the fact of the delay, it’s
likely duration and its cause(s). As soon as practicable after receipt of the Supplier’s notice, the
Procuring agency shall evaluate the situation and may at its discretion extend the Supplier’s time
for performance, with or without liquidated damages, in which case the extension shall be ratified
by the parties by amendment of Contract.
22.3
Except as provided under GCC Clause 25, a delay by the Supplier in the performance of its
delivery obligations shall render the Supplier liable to the imposition of liquidated damages
pursuant to GCC Clause 23, unless an extension of time is agreed upon pursuant to GCC
Clause22.2 without the application of liquidated damages.
Liquidated Damages
Subject to GCC Clause 25, if the Supplier fails to deliver any or all of the Goods or to
perform the Services within the period(s)specified in the Contract, the Procuring agency shall, with
out prejudice to its other remedies under the Contract, deduct from the Contract Price, as liquidated
damages, a sum equivalent to the percentage specified in SCC of the delivered price of the delayed
Goods or unperformed Services for each week or part thereof of delay until actual delivery or
performance, up to a maximum deduction of the percentage specified in SCC. Once the maximum
is reached, the Procuring agency may consider termination of the Contract pursuant to GCC Clause
Termination for Default
The Procuring agency, without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of Contract, by
written notice of default sent to the Supplier, may terminate this Contract in whole or in part:
(a) if the Supplier fails to deliver any or all of the Goods within the period(s) specified in the
Contract, or within any extension thereof granted by the Procuring agency pursuant to GCC
Clause 22; or
(b) if the Supplier fails to perform any other obligation(s)under the Contract.
Page 25
(c) if the Supplier, in the judgment of the Procuring agency has engaged in corrupt or fraudulent
practices in competing for or in executing the Contract. For the purpose of this clause:―corrupt
practice‖ means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of anything of value to influence
the action of a public official in the procurement process or in contract execution. ―fraudulent
practice‖ means a misrepresentation of facts in order to influence a procurement process or the
execution of a contract to the detriment of the Borrower, and includes collusive practice among
Bidders (prior to or after bid submission) designed to establish bid prices at artificial on-
competitive levels and to deprive the Borrower of the benefits of free and open competition.
In the event the Procuring agency terminates the Contract in whole or in part, pursuant to
GCC Clause 24.1, the Procuring agency may procure, upon such terms and in such manner as it
deems appropriate, Goods or Services similar to those undelivered, and the Supplier shall be liable
to the Procuring agency for any excess costs for such similar Goods or Services. However, the
Supplier shall continue performance of the Contract to the extent not terminated.
Force Majeure
Notwithstanding the provisions of GCC Clauses 22, 23, and 24,the Supplier shall not be
liable for forfeiture of its performance security, liquidated damages, or termination for default if
and to the extent that its delay in performance or other failure to perform its obligations under the
Contract is the result of an event of Force Majeure.
For purposes of this clause, ―Force Majeure‖ means an event beyond the control of the
Supplier and not involving the Supplier’s fault or negligence and not foreseeable. Such events may
include, but are not restricted to, acts of the Procuring agency in its sovereign capacity, wars or
revolutions, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, and freight embargoes.
If a Force Majeure situation arises, the Supplier shall promptly notify the Procuring agency
in writing of such condition and the cause thereof. Unless otherwise directed by the Procuring
agency in writing, the Supplier shall continue to perform its obligations under the Contract as far as
is reasonably practical, and shall seek all reasonable alternative means for performance not
prevented by the Force Majeure event.
Termination for Insolvency
The procuring agency may at any time terminate the Contract giving written notice to the
Supplier if the Supplier becomes bankrupt or otherwise insolvent. In this event, termination will be
without compensation to the Supplier, provided that such termination will not prejudice or affect
any right of action or remedy which has accrued or will accrue thereafter to the Procuring agency.
Termination for Convenience
The Procuring agency, by written notice sent to the Supplier, may terminated the Contract,
in whole or in part, at any time for its convenience. The notice of termination shall specify that
termination is for the Procuring agency’s convenience, the extent to which performance of the
Supplier under the Contract is terminated, and the date upon which such termination becomes
effective.
The Goods that are complete and ready for shipment within thirty (30) days after the
Supplier’s receipt of notice of termination shall be accepted by the Procuring agency at the
Contract terms and prices. For the remaining Goods, the Procuring agency may elect:
(a) to have any portion completed and delivered at the Contract terms and prices; and/or.
(b) to cancel the remainder and pay to the Supplier and agreed amount for partially completed
Goods and Services and for materials and parts previously procured by the Supplier.
Page 26
Resolution of Disputes
The Procuring agency and the Supplier shall make every effort to resolve amicably by
direct informal negotiation any disagreement or dispute arising between them under or in
connection with the Contract.
If, after thirty (30) days from the commencement of such informal negotiations, the
Procuring agency and the Supplier have been unable to resolve amicably a Contract dispute, either
party may require that the dispute be refused for resolution to the formal mechanisms specified in
SCC. These mechanisms may include, but are not restricted to, conciliation mediated by a third
party, adjudication in an agreed manner and/or arbitration.
Governing Language
The contract shall be written in the language specified in SCC. Subject to GCC Clause 30,
the version of the Contract written in the specified language shall govern its interpretation. All
correspondence and other documents pertaining to the Contract which are exchanged by the parties
shall be written in the same language.
Applicable Law
The Contract shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Procuring agency’s
country, unless otherwise specified in SCC.
Notices
Any notice given by one party to the other pursuant to this Contract shall be sent to the
other party in writing or by cable, telex, or facsimile and confirmed in writing to the other party’s
address specified in SCC.
A notice shall be effective when delivered or on the notice’s effective date, whichever is
later.
Taxes and Duties
Supplier shall be entirely responsible for all taxes, duties, license fees, etc, incurred until
delivery of the contracted Goods to the Procuring agency.
Headings
Headings, whether of Clauses or of other parts of the Contract, are for reference only and
are not be construed as part of the contract.
Waiver
Failure of either party to insist upon stores performance by the other party of any provision
of the contract shall in no way be deemed or construed to effect in any way the right of that party
to require such performance.
Income / Sales Tax
Income Tax and Sales Tax will be deducted at source from the payments made to the
Contracting firms, as per the Income/Sales Tax Laws, amended to date.
Page 27
Examination Sensetive Material
( National Competitive Bidding )
PART-TWO
(PROCUREMENT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS)

Invitation of Bids (IFB)
Bid Evaluation Criteria (BEC)
Bid Data Sheet (BDS)
Eligible Countries
Special Conditions of Contract (SCC)
List of Consignees
Schedule of Supply
Supply Requirement
Technical Specifications
BakhtiariYouthCenter, North Nazimabad,
Page 28
Table of Contents – Part Two
Section-I
Invitation of Bids ……………………...………………………
33
Section-II
Bid Data Sheet ……………………..……………………………
35
Section-III
Eligible Countries ........................................................................
39
Section-IV
Special Conditions of Contract …......…………………………
41
Section-V
List of Consignees …..................………….……………………
45
Section-VI
Schedule of Supply …......………….…………………………....
47
Section-VII
Supply Requirement ….................................................………
48
Section-VIII
Technical Specifications ….................................................……
53
Page 29
Invitation of Bids
Sealed bids are invited from reputed/established firms/suppliers/contractors, registered
with Sales Tax and Income Tax authorities, for “Procurement of Different Educational Credentials
and Examination Material on Rate Contract Basis”.
Cost of Bidding Document:
Rs.1,000/- in form of PO/DD
Bid Security:
3% of Bid value
Tender Document Collection (Start Date):
Publication/Hoisting of Notice
Tender Document Collection (End Date):
21-01-2018.
Tender Document Submission Date & Time:
22-01-2018 uptill 2:30 p.m.
Opening Date & Time (Technical Proposals only)
22-01-2018 at 03:00 p.m.
Financial Proposals Opening
(Technically qualified proposals only)
Shall be informed through
letters
DOCUMENTS COLLECTION:
Tender documents can be obtained on submission of a written request on company letterhead, during office
working hours, on payment of Tender document Fee Rs.1,000/-(non-refundable/non-transferable) in form of
PO/DD in favour of “Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi” from the below address:
Bakhtiari Youth Centre, North Nazimabad,
Karachi.Ph:99260211-13.
NOTES:
 Sealed bids with necessary attachments accompanied by the Bid Security should be dropped
in Tender Box (marked “Procurement”) at Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi,
Karachi, on the tender document submission date and time.
 Bid opening procedure will be based on Single Stage – Two Envelopes System (bid shall
comprise a single package containing two separate envelopes inside). One envelope shall
contain technical proposal containing complete material specifications, company profile, NTN
and GST Certificate of the company or any other information deemed necessary, whereas the
other envelop shall contain the financial bid. The envelopes should clearly mark as
“Technical Proposal” and “Financial Proposal” in bold legible letters. Initially only
Technical Proposals shall be opened.
 The bids will be opened on the aforementioned date & time in the presence of bidders or
their authorized representatives. Prospective bidders are invited to attend the tender
opening (single representation).
 Incomplete or conditional tenders cannot be considered or entertained.
 Board reserves the right to accept or reject any bid(s), subject to relevant provisions of Sindh
Public Procurement Rules, 2010 (Amended 2013)
DEPUTY SECRETARY
(ADMIN GENERAL)
Page 30
Section – II
Bid Data Sheet
The following specific data for the goods to be procured shall complement, supplement, or
amend the provision in the Instructions to Bidders (ITB) Part One. Whenever there is a conflict, the
provisions herein shall prevail over those in ITB.
ITB 1.1
Name of Procuring Agency: Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
Name of Contract:
“Printing of Examination Sensitive Material (Answer Scripts, Tabulation
Registers, Examination, Enrolment, Registration Forms, Miscellaneous
Forms, Envelopes, File Boards, File Covers Etc.)”
ITB 4.1
Name of Purchaser: Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
ITB 6.1
Procuring agency’s address, telephone, telex, and facsimile numbers:
The office of Admin General Section (Chairman’s Secretariat) Ground Floor
Bakhtiari Youth Centre, North Nazimabad, Karachi.
Phone: 99260211-13, Fax: 99260208.
ITB 8.1
Language of the Bid: English.
Bid Price and Currency
ITB 11.2
The price quoted shall be in: Pak Rupees (PKR).
In addition to delivered duty paid (DDP) price.
ITB 11.5
The Prices shall be Fixed.
Preparation and submission of Bids
ITB 13.3 (d)
Qualification requirements:
Technical and Financial Capabilities are as under:
Evaluation of bids/recommendation of award of contract shall be subject to
following provisions:
1. Minimum 5 Years Relevant Business Experience.
2. Minimum 3 contracts of Rs.10 million in last 3 years of similar goods/jobs.
3. Annual turnover (as per income tax return) of at-least Rs.40 Million for each year in
last 03 years (Copies of financial statements be attached along with income tax
assessment orders).
4. NTN & Sales Tax Registration (Copies of certificates be attached).
5. Sales Tax return for one year (complete may be attached).
6. Affidavit of firm (on stamp paper) that it is not black listed.
7. Affidavit of firm (on stamp paper) that the firm does not have any pending legal
matter in any court of law.
8. List of relevant Machinery.
9. List of supporting staff/technical team.
10. The bidders should have at least 05 years successful experience of boards or large
reputed organizations in addition to instruction above.
11. Samples in respected of quoted articles (05 sheets) must be provided along with
manufacturer authorization letter and test report from the approved laboratory of
Government.
ITB 15.1
Amount of bid security: Three percent (3%) of the bid value.
Page 31
ITB 16.1
Bid validity period: Ninety (90) days.
ITB 17.1
Number of copies: One (Original).
ITB 18.2 (a)
Address for bid submission:
Board of Intermediate Education, Bakhtiari Youth Centre, North Nazimabad,
Karachi. Phone: 99260211-13, Fax: 99260208.
ITB 18.2 (b)
Forms, Envelopes, File Boards, File Covers Etc.).”
No. 01/2017-18.
ITB 19.1
Deadline for bid submission. 22.01.2018 up till 2.30 p.m.
ITB 22.1
Time, date, and place for bid opening:
On 22.01.2018 at 3:00 p.m in the Committee room of Board of Intermediate
Education, Bakhtiari Youth Centre, North Nazimabad, Karachi.
Bid Evaluation
ITB 25.3
Criteria for bid evaluation:
Criteria listed in ITB Clause 25.3 (e. g, 25.3 (b) and (c)), and in the reference under
ITB 25.4 below. Retain only the evaluation method to apply and the relevant
parameters corresponding to be retained
Criteria (e.g., 25.4 (b) (i) and (c) (ii)).
ITB 25.4 (a)
ITB 25.4 (b)
One option only.
Delivery Schedule: 60 days from the date of awarding of contract.
Relevant parameters in accordance with option selected: N/A.
ITB 25.4 (ii)
Deviation in payment schedule: N/A.
ITB 25.4 (f)
Operating and maintenance costs: N/A
ITB 25.4 (h)
Details on the evaluation method of reference to the Technical Specifications:
According to criteria mentioned.
ITB 25.4
Specify the evaluation factors.
Contract Award
ITB 29.1
Percentage for quantity increase or decrease:
Procuring Agency reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantities at the
time of award of contract, depending upon the basis of enrolment.
1) All offers be made on Price Schedule of this document. Additional Pages may be used, if needed.
In order to facilitate the bidders, the price schedule with description of articles is given in Financial
Proposal document.
2) Quoted prices must cover all expenses including freight, taxes, octroi /duties, insurance etc.
3) Goods would be required to be delivered at Consignee end as per schedule.
Page 32
Special Conditions of Contract
The following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General Conditions of
Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over those in the General
Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is indicated in parentheses.
GCC 1.1
The Procuring agency is “Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
GCC 1.2
The Procuring agency country is “Islamic Republic of Pakistan”.
GCC 1.3
Eligible countries as notified by the Government of Pakistan.
Country of Origin (GCC Clause 3)
All countries and territories as indicated in Part Two Section VI of the bidding documents,
―Eligibility for the Provisions of Goods, Works, and Services in Bank Financed Procurement‖.
GCC 3.1
The amount of performance security is 10%of the Contract Price.
Inspections and Tests (GCC Clause 8)
Sample approval of all the items shall be carried by the purchaser.
Inspection and tests prior to shipment of Goods and at final acceptance are as follows:
Technical Specification.
Performances of Equipment and other items should be as per warranty / guarantee card.
(iii)
All legal documents should be available on site/work place.
Packing (GCC Clause 9)
GCC 9.3
The following SCC shall supplement GCC Clause 9.2:
The bidder shall arrange all the articles for inspection at above mentioned address.
Delivery and Documents (GCC Clause 10):
GCC 10.3
Upon shipment, the supplier shall notify the procuring agency the full details of the
shipment, including contract number, description of goods, quantity and usual transport document.
Insurance (GCC Clause 11)
GCC 11.1 The Goods supplied under the Contract shall be delivered duty paid (DDP) under which
risk is transferred to the buyer after having been delivered; hence insurance coverage is
seller’s responsibility. Since the insurance is seller’s responsibility they may arrange
appropriate coverage.
Incidental Services (GCC Clause 13)
GCC 13.1- Incidental services to be provided are:
On-site supply / assembly / fitting of all the supplied goods.
Spare Parts (GCC Clause 14)
GCC 14.1 – Additional spare parts requirements are:
N/A.
Warranty (GCC Clause 15)
GCC 15.2
Page 33
Sample provision
GCC 15.2 – In Partial modification of the provisions, the warranty period shall be Twelve months
form date of acceptance of the Goods or Fifteen months of Date of shipment, whichever occurs
earlier. The Supplier shall, in addition, comply with the performance and/or consumption
guarantees specified under the Contract. If for reasons attributable to Supplier, these guarantees are
not attained in whole or in part, the Supplier shall, at its discretion, either:
Or
Pay liquidated damages to the Procuring agency with respect to the failure to meet the contractual
guarantees. The rate of these liquidated damages shall be imposed as SPPRA rules.
GCC 15.4 & 15.5 – The period for correction of defects in the warranty period is: 15 days.
Payment (GCC Clause 16)
GCC 16.1 – The method and condition of payment to be made to the Supplier under this Contract
shall be as follows:
Payment for Goods supplied:
Payment shall make in Pak. Rupees in the following manner:
(i) No advance payment shall be made by Procuring agency, until the goods are delivered.
(ii) 100% of the Contract Price of each individual consignment upon delivery at the consignees
end of the goods against presentation of the following documents:
a) Copies of the Supplier’s invoice showing Goods description, quantity, unit price and total
amount of payment due.
b) Manufacturer’s Warranty Certificate.
c) Inspection certificate issued by the authority nominated by the Purchaser;
d) Certificate of the receipt of Goods issued by the consignee.
e) Certificate of origin.
(iii) Part Payment on part supply may also be allowed on discretion of procuring agency as well
subject to nature/type of stores.
12. Prices (GCC Clause 17)
GCC 17.1 – Prices shall be adjusted in accordance with provisions in attachments to SCC: N/A
13. Liquidated Damages.
GCC 23.1 -
Application rate: 5% per day of the value of non-supplied stores.
Maximum deduction: 10% of the total contract value.
14. Resolution of Disputes (GCC Clause 28)
GCC 28.3 -
The disputes resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to GCC Clause 28.2
In the case of dispute between the Procuring agency and the Supplier, the dispute shall be
referred to adjudication or arbitration in accordance with the laws of the Procuring agency’s
country.
15. Governing Language (GCC Clause 29)
GCC 29.1—The Governing Language shall be: English.
16. Applicable Law (GCC Clause 30)
Page 34
GCC 30.1—The Contract shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Islamic Republic of
Pakistan which includes the following legislation:
The Employment of Children (ECA) Act 1991. The Bonded labour
System (Abolition) Act of 1992. The Factories Act 1934.
Notices (GCC Clause 31)
GCC 31.1
Procuring agency’s address for notice purposes:
The Chairman,
Phone 021-99260211-3.
Supplier’s address for notice purpose:
“As mentioned on bidder’s letter head”
Page 35
S. No.
Package/
Articles
Consignee
Name & Address
Estimated Delivery
Date/Period
Remarks
Date. ___________________.
Name ________________________________
In Capacity of ________________________
Signed ______________________________
Bidder’s Name _________________________
Stamp ________________________________
Page 36
Item #
Name of Article
Estimated
Quantity
01
Answer Scripts (28 pages)
900,000 Nos.
02
Answer Scripts (20 pages)
600,000 Nos.
Answer Scripts ‘P’ (08 pages)
300,000 Nos.
Tabulation Sheets
Printing of Tabulation Sheet with cost of paper
A)
Section-A
Composing, Printing, Stop and Go through ruling of
TABULATION SHEETS in Outlines only in the size of 20”x
30” as the case may be.
35,000 Nos.
B)
Section-B
Composing and printing of TEXT (ENTRIES)
25,000 Nos.
C)
i)
Section-C (Spoilage Minimum)
Printing of Tabulation Sheets (outline)
ii) Printing of Text (Entries)
D)
Section-D
Binding Charges (for all operations) including cost of
material, Rahwali Straw Board of suitable grammage
250 Nos.
Printing of Computerised Registration Forms
(In English / Urdu Versions)
60,000 Nos.
Printing of Computerised Enrolment Forms
125,000 Nos.
Printing of Computerised Examination Forms for Regular
134,000 Nos.
Printing of Graph Sheet (E-74)
50,000 Nos.
Printing of File Boards
30,000 Nos.
Printing of File Covers
Printing and Supply of Miscellaneous Forms in the size
of 17x27/2 both/one side printing & slip in 17x27/8
both/one side printing
90,000 Nos.
of 18x23/4 one/both side printing
180,000 Nos.
Printing of Forms. Rates should cover English composing / Urdu Calligraphy,
Numbering, Pad Making and printing plus cost of white Glazed Pakistani Paper
of not less than 55-56 Grams (Flying Brand).
One side printing
Form of 17 x 27/4 Size per 1000 Forms (E-73a)
as per specimen
ii)
Form of 20 x 30/4 Size per 1000 Forms (E-57)
200,000 Nos.
Both side printing
i) Form of 17 x 27/8 Size per 1000 Forms (E-81P)
10,000 Nos.
Page 37
14
Printing of Cash Books in the size of 10”x15”
50 Nos.
15
Printing of Pay Roll Registers in the size of 20”x30”
20 Nos.
Printing of stock Registers in the size of 10” x 15”
Printing of Envelope
Without Cloth Lined
(Kraft paper 70 gms)
10”x 12”
12”x 15”
With Cloth Lined (Thick Mulmul Lining)
(Offset paper 70 gms)
8”x 12”
Rates for Miscellaneous Operation
Pad Making
1000 Pads
Roll Numbering on Examination Forms
20,00,000 Nos.
Counting of Written ‘A’ Examination Answer Books
Page 38
Section - VIII
Article
#
Specifications
offered by
Bidder
Answer Scripts
(28 pages)
Printing of Answer scripts on white printing paper 55 grams
Brightness 70% Burst Factor 10, Tear factor (CD-35 MD-40)
containing 28 pages – un-trimmed size 9”X11½”. Trimmed size
8.6” X 10.7” which should not be ink smudged. The
monogram (as per specimen) will appear on each page in back
ground. Printing and rolling in black color & over-locked
stitched 1 page of front with serial No. with automatic
numbering machine duly spine in any color and each bundle
containing 200 copies (as per specimen).
(20 pages)
containing 20 pages – un-trimmed size 9”X11½”. Trimmed size
8.6”X 10.7” which should not be ink smudged. The monogram
(as per specimen) will appear on each page in back ground.
Printing and rolling in black color & over-locked stitched 1
page of front with serial No. with automatic numbering
machine duly spine in any color and each bundle containing
200 copies (as per specimen).
Answer Scripts ‘P’
(08 pages)
Answer Scripts Printing of Answer scripts on white printing
paper 55 grams Brightness 70% Burst Factor 10, Tear factor
(CD-35 MD-40) containing 08 pages – un-trimmed size
9”X11½”. Trimmed size 8.6” X 10.7” which should not be ink
smudged. The monogram (as per specimen) will appear on
each page in back ground. Printing and rolling in black color &
over-locked stitched 1 page of front with serial No. with
automatic numbering machine, each bundle containing 200
copies (as per specimen).
300,000 Nos
Tabulation Sheet
Printing of Tabulation Sheet with cost of 90gram imported offset paper in
Green Colour.
Composing. Printing Stop and Go through ruling of TABULATION SHEETS in Outlines
only in the size of 20”x 30” as the case may be.
Composing and printing of TEXT (ENTRIES) spread cover in 3 columns (from column
2 to 4) in the Printed Tabulation Outline on sheets of 20” x 30” size as the case
might be. (for 1 copy only) (for 2 copies only)
Page 39
35,000 Nos
Printing of Text (Entries)
25,000 Nos
Section-D Binding Changes (for all operations) including cost of material, Rahwali
Straw Board of Suitable Grammage (specimen may be seen if desired ), cloth back
and corners, marble paper on sides, inside thick linings, sectional sewing (Juzbandi
Silai), Numbering and labelling etc.
Computerized
Registration (In
English / Urdu
Versions)
Printing and supply of Computerized Registration Forms in the
size of 16”x111/2 ” on 100 gram both side printing with the cost
of imported white offset paper and slip in the size of
17”x27”/8” on both side printing with the cost of white
printing paper of 55-56 grams. . Complete in all respects.
Rates should cover composing in English / Urdu, Printing,
folding, gathering, Numbering, pasting and all other operation
which may be involved therein plus cost of paper.
Enrolment Forms
( In English / Urdu
Printing and supply of Computerized Enrolment Forms in the
of imported white offset paper of 55-56 grams. Complete in
all respects. Rates should cover composing in English / Urdu,
Printing, folding, gathering, Numbering, pasting and all other
operation which may be involved therein plus cost of paper.
Examinations
Forms (Regular
Candidates) ( In
Printing and supply of Computerized Examinations Forms
(For Regular Candidates) one sheet in the size of 17x27/4
both side printing with the cost of white Glazed paper
Pakistani Flying Brand paper of 55-56 grams & second sheet
in 18x23/4 on 100 gram both side printing. Rates should
cover composing in English / Urdu, Printing, folding,
gathering, Numbering, pasting and all other operation which
may be involved therein plus cost of paper.
Printing of Graph
Sheet
Printing of Graph Sheet in 18x23/4 Size having required
divisions in an inch.
Rates should cover Charges for all operation with cost of white
foreign offset Paper of not less than 70 grams.
Printing of File
Boards
Printing of File Boards, complete in all respects with first
class printing effect and superb craftsmanship.
File Board in 10”x14” size of Rahwali Straw Board “Gatta” of
30 lbs. pasted with heavy brown sulphate Craft Paper (90
Grams) on both sides. The Flap duly printed be in the size of
9”x3½” having cloth back. The size of the unbleached Cotton
tape “NIWAR” should not be less than ½”x36” duly inserted
and run through the file Board. (per 1,000 file boards)
30,000 Nos
Page 40
Covers
Printing of File Covers, complete in all respects with first
File Covers of 9½”x14” (closed size) or 18½”x14” (Open size)
excluding 3½” wide folded and creased inner flap and Double
Pasted. Printing on Durable Cover paper of at least 380 grams
in an overall size of 14”x22”. The outer page of the file cover
be duly printed and the flap creased. Two big sizes Eyelet
(bigger than normally used.) at the top of the File Cover be
provided at an equal distance of 1” margin (vertically &
horizontally) for easy insertion of think Tags. The eyelets shall
be re informed with a place of binding cloth in the size of 1½”x
3½”on the inner side of the file cover to make the eyelet fixed
and durable. Both eyelets should overlap each other for easy
tagging of paper. This is a must to follow. (per 1,000 file
covers)
Note: Specimen of the ‘eyelet’ is got approved before bulk
use.
Miscellaneous
Forms in English /
Urdu Versions
Printing and supply of Miscellaneous Forms in the size of
17x27/2 both/one side printing & slip in 17x27/8 both/one
side printing with the cost of white Glazed paper Pakistani
Flying Brand paper of 55-56 grams. Rates should cover
composing in English / Urdu, Printing, folding, gathering,
Numbering, pasting and all other operation which may be
involved therein plus cost of paper.
18x23/4 both/one side printing with the cost of white
Glazed paper Pakistani Flying Brand paper of 55-56 grams.
folding, gathering, Numbering, pasting and all other
Printing of Forms
One side printing etc. (with cost of white Glazed Pakistani Flying Brand of
55-56 Grams)
Form of 17 x 27/4
Size
Form of 17 x 27/4 Size per 1000 Forms as per specimen
Form of 20 x 30/4
Form of 20 x 30/4 Size per 1000 Forms
200,000 Nos
Both side printing etc. (with cost of white Glazed Pakistani Flying Brand of not
less than 55-56 Grams)
Form of 17 x 27/8
Form of 17 x 27/8 Size per 1000 Forms
10,000 Nos
Page 41
Cash Books
Printing and supply of Cash Books in the size of 10”x15 ” on 80
gram both side printing with the cost of ledger paper.
Complete in all respects. Rates should cover composing in
english, printing, folding, gathering, numbering, pasting and all
other operation which may be involved therein plus cost of
paper. (approved sample shall be provided)
Stock Register
Printing and supply of Stock Register in the size of 10”x15 ” on
80 gram both side printing with the cost of ledger paper.
paper.
Pay Roll Registers
Printing and supply of Pay Roll Registers in the size of 20”x30 ”
on 80 gram both side printing with the cost of ledger paper.
Envelope
Printing of Envelopes (Different Sizes). Rates should cover English
Composing/Urdu Calligraphy, printing, and all other operations involved there
in with cost of Kraft Paper (Brown Sulphate).
Without Cloth Lined (per 1,000 pcs)
10”x 12” Kraft paper of 70 Grams
12”x 16”
12”x 16” Kraft paper of 70 Grams
With Cloth Lined
(Thick Mulmul
Lining) (Offset
Paper 70 gms)
With Cloth Lined (Thick Mulmul Lining) (per 1,000 pcs)
8”x 12” Offset paper of 70 Grams
Rates for
Operation
Rates for Miscellaneous Operation (to be done in Boards Premises) without
cost of Paper as well as without printing charges.
Pad Making (per 100 sheets) 18x23/4
Roll Numbering
on Examination
Forms
Roll Numbering on Examination Forms (Roll Numbers be
Affixed in Board’s Premises) (per 1,000 Roll numbers)
20,00,000
Nos
Counting of
Written ‘A’
Examination
Answer Books
Counting of Written ‘A’ Examination Answer Books Received
from Various Centres (to be done in Board’s premises). (per
1000 Answer Books)
