Integrity
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2020-2021/TENDER-FOR-PROCUREMENT-OF-DC-INVERTOR-AIR-CONDITIONS/Integrity.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

to or incurred by “THE SUPPLIER”, as a result of any defect in the title of BIEK or any fault, neglect or
omission by the “THE SUPPLIER” which disturbs or damage the reputation, quality or the standard of
service provided by the “BIEK” and any person claiming through the BIEK.
ARTICLE -ViII
NOTICE
7.1 Any notice given under this AGREEMENT shall be sufficient if it is in writing and if sent by courier
or registered mail.
ARTICLE -Vill
INTEGRITY PACT
8.1 The intention not to obtain the procurement / work of any Contract, right, interest, privilege, or
other obligation or benefit from the BIEK or any administrative or financial offices thereof or any
other department under the control of the BIEK through any corrupt practice(s).
8.2 Without limiting the generality of the forgoing the M/s. Vorson (Pvt.) Ltd., Karachi represents
and warrants that it has fully declared the charges, fees, commission, taxes, levies etc., paid or
payable to anyone and not given or agreed to give and shall not give or agree to give anyone within
the BIEK directly or indirectly through any means any commission, gratification, bribe, gifts, kickback
whether described as consultation fee or otherwise, with the object of obtaining or including the
procurement or service contract or order or other obligations whatsoever from the BIEK, except that
which has been expressly declared pursuant hereto.
8.3 M/s. Vorson (Pvt.) Ltd., Karachi accepts full responsibility and strict liability for making any false
declaration / statement, not making full disclosure, misrepresenting facts or taking any action likely
to degrade the purpose of declaration, representation and warranty. It agrees that any contract /
order obtained aforesaid shall without prejudice to any other right & remedies available to the BIEK
under any law, contract, or other instrument, be stand void at the discretion of the BIEK.
8.4 Notwithstanding any right and remedies exercised by the BIEK in this regard, M/s. Vorson (Pvt.)
Ltd., Karachi agrees to indemnify BIEK for any loss or damagegncurred by it on account of its corrupt
business practice & further pay compensation to BIEK in any amount equivalent to the loss of any
commission, gratification, bribe, gifts, kickback given by the M/s. Vorson (Pvt.) Ltd., Karachi as
aforesaid for the purpose of obtaining or inducing procurement / work / service or other obligation
or benefit in whatsoever from the BIEK.
ARTICLE -1X
MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 Any addition & alteration (s) made for item(s) as required by BIEK on the basis of sample or in
course of the work in progress which entail extra time & labor and material on part of the supply,
shall not be charged separately / extra on ‘Quantum Merit’ basis before & on final material handed
over to the “BIEK”. After FINALAIZATION OF SAMPLE, if any alteration(s), arise charges will be paid on
mutually agreed upon.
to be correct and abide by the same.
9.3 The validity of the contract will be effective from the date of issue of Purchase Order.
9.4 All terms and conditions of tender vide # BIE/AG/L&N/782/2020 will be the integral part of this
agreement and can’t be revoked.
ARTICLE:
REMUNERATION:
The cost offered by the Supplier is Rs. 2,388,540/- (Rupees Two Million Three Hundred
Eighty Eight Thousand Five Hundred Forty Only) (inclusive of all taxes) Procurement of Air
Conditioners vide tender # BIEK/AG/L&N/699/2020 variation may occurred. The cost is
inclusive of labour/transportation/supplies/etc.
3}
3.2 Liquidity damages as per SPPRA Rules.
3.3 Payment will be made after delivery and submission of invoice.
3.4 Performance Security 10% of total amount of Work order will be provided by the party.
35 Stamp Duty @ 0.35% of the cost of transaction / Work order will be deposited in
Government treasury by the SUPPLIER. This paid Stamp Duty challan would be submitted
along with the Bill / Invoice.
3.6 Tax(es) Challan(s) / Levy(ies), If any, on additional will be paid / borne by the SUPPLIER as
per SRO Notification.
ARTICLE-IV
ARBITRATION
4.1 In case of any dispute, difference or and question which may at any time arise between
parties hereto or any person under them, arising out in respect of this letter of intent or
this subject matter thereof shall be referred to Chairman BIEK and CEO of the company/
firm/ agency for arbitration / settling of the dispute, failing which decision of the court lae
in the jurisdiction of Karachi binding on the parties. The arbitration proceedings will be
governed by the Arbitration Act, 1940 and the substantive and procedural law of
Pakistan. The venue shall be Karachi
ARTICLE-V
TERMINATION
5.1 “BIEK” may terminate this agreement if the job is not executed according to the
requirement at any time after issuing a 15 day’s notice.
ICLE-VI
6.1 Any notice given under this AGREEMENT shall be sufficient if it is in writing and if sent by
courier or registered mail
ARTICLE-Vil
INDEMNITY
7.1 “THE SUPPLIER” in its individual capacity shall indemnify and keep BIEK and any person
laming through BIEK fully indemnified and harmless from and against all damages, cost
and expenses caused to or incurred by “THE SUPPLIER”, as a result of any defect in the
title of BIEK or any fault, neglect or omission by “TI HE SUPPLIER” which disturbs or damage
the reputation, quality or the standard.of services provided by “THE BIEK” and any person
claiming through the BIEK. ¢
INTEGRITY P;
8.1 The intention not to obtain the procurement / work of any Contract, right, interest,
privilege, or other obligation or benefit from the BIEK or any administrative or financial
Offices thereof or any other department under the control of the BIEK through any corrupt
f practice(s)
ep
82
83
84
Without limiting the generality of the forgoing the M/s Amisco, represents and warrants
that it has fully declared the charges, fees, commission, taxes, levies etc, paid or payable to
anyone and not given or agreed to give and shall not give or agree to give to anyone
within the BIEK directly or indirectly through any means any commission, gratification,
bribe, gifts, kickback whether described as consultation fee or otherwise, with the object
of obtaining or including the procurement or service contract or order or other
obligations whatsoever from the BIEK, except that which has been expressly declared
pursuant hereto.
M/s Amisco, accepts full responsibility and strict liability for making any false
declaration/statement, not making full disclosure, misrepresenting facts or taking any
action likely to degrade the purpose of declaration, representation and warranty. It agrees
that any contract/order obtained aforesaid shall without prejudice to any other right &
remedies available to the BIEK under any law, contact. or other instrument, be stand void
at the discretion of the BIEK.
Notwithstanding any right and remedies exercised by the BIEK in this regard, M/s Amisco,
agrees to indemnify the BIEK for any loss or damage incurred by it on account of its
corrupt business practice & further pay compensation to the BIEK in any amount
equivalent to the loss of any commission, gratification, bribe, gifts, kickback given by the
M/s Amisco, as aforesaid for the purpose of obtaining or inducing
procurement/work/service or other obligation or benefit in whatsoever from the BIEK.
Article IX
9.1 Any addition & alteration(s) made for item(s} as required by BIEK on _ the basis of sample
2
e)
w
Dae
“BIEK”
NAME:
CNIC “ns 2a CNIC # ~ [bok IG -A
Addre: secretary Fate Education ae ‘ing’s Court Abdullah
4,
or in course of the work in progress which entail extra time & labor and material on part of
the supply, shall not be charged separately/extra on ‘Quantum Merit’ basis before & on
final material handed over to the “BIEK”. After FINALIZATION OF SAMPLE if any
alteration(s}. arise charges will be paid on mutually agreed upon.
The terms and conditions of the AGREEMENT have been read over to the parties which
they admit to be correct and abide by the same.
The validity of the contract will be effective from the date of issue of Purchase Order.
All terms and conditions of tender vide # BIE/AG/LEN/699/2020 will be the integral part
of this agreement and can't be revoked.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF both the parties hereto have set & subseriged their respective
hands to this agreement at Karachi on the date as mentioned abovt
M/S Amisco
NAME: bas Ali
oe laroon Road, Karachi
goad
WITNESS:
1 Nas Via pl i
y;
NIC # 4at0 te 16391 F chic # Yador- B304ory~3
ns
poor of "
