file5
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2020-2021/Bid%20EvaluationReport/UPS-Scanner/5.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

99260211
; . | 99260212
Board of Intermediate Education = "™"* {99260213
Bakhtiari YouthCenter, North Nazimabad, Paes 99260203
Karachi - 74700 L. 99260208
MINUTES OF MEETING
PROCUREMENT OF SCANNERS
A meeting of the Procurement Committee BIE Karachi was held on 07.09.2020 at 03.00 p.m. in
the Committee room of Board of Intermediate Education Karachi, under the Convener ship of Audit
Officer BIE Karachi, to open the Bids invited for Procurement of Scanners. Following attended the
meeting:
1, Mr. Zahid Ali Lakho, Convener
Audit Officer,
BIE, Karachi. yw
2. Mr. Farhan Iftikhar, Member
Assistant Secretary, (Accounts) BIEK,
Karachi.
3, Mr. Iqbal Hussain, Memb
Superintendent,
Humanities (Private) BIEK. a
4. Mr. Muhammad Fahad, ber
Dy. Executive Engineer (Electrical),
University Engineer (Acting), )
Engineering Department,
University of Karachi.
5. Mr. Najaf Ali Mughni, Member pu soci
System Administrator,
Abbasi Shaheed Hospital,
Meeting started with the recitation from Holy Quran. The Committee was informed that sealed
bids were invited through press for Procurement ‘of Scanners for the use various sections of the
Board of Intermediate Education Karachi was published in leading newspapers; Daily Business Recorder
(English) as on August 19, 2020 as well as Daily Jang (Urdu) and Daily Awami Awaz (Sindhi) as on
August 20, 2020. The same was hosted on the website of BIE Karachi as well as SPPRA at Sr. No.
700535-20-0003 dated 23.08.2020. jording to SPPRA, Rules, Single stage - One envelope bids,
containing Technical and Financial Pr sals, were invited for the purpose.
:
Page 1 of 3
In response to advertisement, Seven (07) interested firms purchased the tender documents and
six (06) of them submitted their bids (Attendance Sheet annexed at a") which are as follows:
4) Mis. Gemco Pvt. Ltd, Karachi
2) Ms. Indasy Pvt. Ltd, Karachi
3) Mis. Grapho Scan Supplies Pvt. Lid, Karachi
_ 4) Mls. Vorson Pvt. Ltd, Karachi
5) Ms. OAG Pvt. Ltd, Karachi
6) Mis. SeeSam Solutions Pvt. Ltd
The bids were opened by the Procurement Committee on 07.09.2020 in presence of the
representatives ‘of Bidding Firms and the rate quoted by bidders was announced one by one loudly.
Committee preliminary evaluated the bid technically with regard to availability of required documents; viz.
NTN and Sales Tax Registration/SRB Registration, business experience and dealing of firms in supply of
similar stores, committee has satisfied after preliminary evaluation of the documents submitted by the
following bidders and concluded as Responsive and Non-Responsive in accordance with the Bidder’s
Eligibility/Qualification Report as. annexed at “B’:
1) Mis, Gemco Pvt. Lid, Karachi Responsive
2) Mis. Indasy Pvt. Lid, Karachi Responsive
3) Mis. Grapho ‘Scan Supplies Pvt. Ltd, Karachi Responsive
4) Mis, Vorson Pvt, Ltd, Karachi Responsive
5) Wis. OAG Pvt. Ltd, Karachi Responsive
6) Mis. SeeSam Solutions Pvt. Ltd, Karachi Responsive
However, the rates quoted by the responsive bidders were announced by the Procurement
Committee in the presence of bidders and the "Financial Statement’ of rates quoted have ‘been prepared
by the ‘committee, which Is annexed at “C"
During the discussion, it has been proposed that above items are of Technical nature, @
Technical sub-committee ‘comprising Mr. Najaf Ali Mughni, Member Procurement Committee, System
Administrator ‘Abbasi Shaheed Hospital Karachi, |.7. Manager and Assistant Programmer of the Board
being the Technical Experts to be constituted with regard to to evaluate / scrutinize the offered Products
specifications in accordance with the required specification mentioned in the tender documents.
Finally, the committee has decided the matter referred to the Technical gub-committee shall
evaluate the required Scanners being the technical expert of such articles and submit his
recommendations to Procurement Committee regarding specifications and qualityiquantity of required
articles within short period of time so the contract could be finalized. The following as expert are
suggested:
4. Mr. Najaf Ali Mughni, Convener
‘Abbasi Shaheed Hospital,
2. Dr. Muhammad Shaheer Wagar, Member
\.T. Manager, Ny}
BILEK, is
3, Mr. Arif Hussain Jalbani, Member
Assistant Programmer,
Board of Intermediate Educatic
1! ‘ ie We Page 2 of 3
Decision:
Committee de
oposed above,
specifications in ace!
in the bi
procurement
cided to refer the matt
shall evaluate /
‘ordance wi
air.
The meeting ended with @ vote of thanks t0 and from the Ch
Secretary (Accou
BIE, Karachi.
(Member)
(Mr. ‘Muhammad Fahad)
Dy. Executive i
University Engin
Engineering Det
University ‘of Karachi
(Member other then
hat. iqbal Hussain)
ndent, Humanities (Private)
Superint
(We Naat iwughe)
System ‘Administrator,
curing, Agency)
(Member other then Pro
Page 3 of 3
