Tender 
                  Document for the printing of Tabulation Registers (Technical) 
                   16-04-19  
                   ()
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2018-2019/tabulation%20registers/SBD%20Tabulation%20Registers%202018-2019%20Technical.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

Page 1 of 8
STANDARD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
FOR
NATIONAL COMPETITIVE BIDDING
SINGLE STAGE – ONE ENVELOPE PROCEDURE
TENDER FOR PRINTING OF TABULATION
REGISTERS
IN RESPECT OF THE
BIE/AG/L&N/ 428 /2019
Volume-I
(TECHNICAL PROPOSAL)
Instructions to Bidders (ITB)
General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION,
BAKHTIYARI YOUTH CENTER, NORTH NAZIMABAD,
KARACHI-74700
Phones: 
99260211
99260212
99260213
Page 2 of 8
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS & GENERAL CONDITIONS OF
CONTRACT:
The Instructions to Bidders (ITB) and General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
applied in this Contract shall be the same as per Standard Bidding Documents for Goods,
issued by SPPRA. For further references the same may be downloaded from SPPRA’s
website www.pprasindh.gov.pk or it may be provided from this Office if it may be
demanded by the bidder. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions hereafter shall prevail
over those in the Instructions to Bidders & General Conditions of Contract. The
corresponding clause number of the ITB & GCC is indicated in parentheses
BID DATA SHEET
INTRODUCTION
ITB 1.1
Name of Contract
Printing of Tabulation Registers
2019.
ITB 4.1
Name of Procuring Agency
Board of Intermediate
Education Karachi
ITB 6.1
Procuring agency’s address,
telephone, telex, and facsimile
numbers
Education, Bakhtiyari Youth
Center North Nazimabad
Tel: 99260211
Fax: 99260203 & 99260208
ITB 8.1
Language of the bid
English or Urdu
BID PRICE AND CURRENCY
ITB 11.2
The price shall be in Pakistani currency inclusive of all Taxes,
Transportation, Material and Labour charges involved therein.
ITB 11.5
During the entire period of bid validity, the price shall be fixed and the
bidder will have to supply the required items as per specifications and
quoted rates.
Page 3 of 8
PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
ITB 13.3 (d)
Qualification
Requirements

03 years experience in the relevant field (Client
List)
Turn-over of at least last three years having a sum
of minimum Rs.20 Million for one year in last 03
years (Copies of financial statements / Audit
Report be attached.
Minimum 3 contracts of Rs.5 Million in last 3
years of similar goods / jobs
Registration with Federal Board of Revenue
(FBR), for Income Tax, GST and Sales Tax in case
of procurement of goods.
An Affidavit on Stamp Paper that the firm has
never been Blacklisted
ITB 15.1
Amount of bid
security (refundable)
3% (three percent) of the bid price, which should be
submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of
Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education Karachi
and shall remain valid for a period of 28 days beyond
the validity period for bid.
ITB 16.1
Bid Validity Period
90 days from the date of opening of Tender.
ITB 18.2 (a)
Address for bid
submission
The office of the (Procurement Wing) Admin General
Section (Chairman’s Secretariat), Ground Floor, Board
of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
ITB 18.2 (b)
IFB title and number
Title: Printing of Tabulation Registers for HSC Annual
Examinations 2019 .
IFB No: BIE/AG/L&N/ 428 /2019
Dated:11-04-2019
ITB 19.1
Deadline for bid
03-05-2019 up to 3:00 p.m
Sealed bids duly filled-in, mentioning on top of the
envelope “Printing of Tabulation Registers HSC
Annual Examinations 2019.”
ITB 22.1
Time, date, and
place for bid
opening
Bids duly stamped on each document must be
submitted in the office of the (Procurement Wing)
Admin General Section (Chairman’s Secretariat),
Ground Floor, Board of Intermediate Education,
Karachi, in a sealed cover on 03-05-2019 up to
3:00 P.M and will be opened on the same day at
03:30
P.M
in
the
presence
of
bidders’
representatives who wish to attend.
ITB 25.4 (b)
Delivery schedule
The delivery will have to be made at our site
within stipulated time as mentioned in the
Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at
least one month after issuance of contract award
which may be increased or decreased due to
demand of time/situation as per SPPRA Rules.
Page 4 of 8
GENERAL CONDITIONS
Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria and enclose
Bid Security.
Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-submission of
Bid Security or specimen/samples shall be rejected.
Bids not submitted on Standard Bidding documents issued by the procuring agency shall be
rejected or treated as Non Responsive.
Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information from the office of
Procurement Wing, Admin General Section (Ground Floor Chairman’s Secretariat) and
completely satisfy themselves about the required items for which they are bidding for.
An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for clarification of
contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency shall respond to such queries
in writing within three calendar days, provided they are received at least five calendar days prior
to the date of opening of bid.
The bidders shall submit only one rate for every item. Dual rates or alternate bid is strictly
restricted / prohibited. In case a bidder has quoted more than one rate for a single item, its bid
shall be rejected.
The quoted rates shall be inclusive with all involved operations such as Composing,
Calligraphy, Folding, Gathering, Numbering, Wire Stitching etc, and all Taxes,
Transportation, Material and Labour charges involved therein i.e. complete in all respects.
Inferior, low quality or substandard products will be rejected and Security Money shall be
forfeited and the bidder may also be blacklisted.
The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest Submitted
Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract.
SECTION III.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
The following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General Conditions of
Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over those in the
General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is indicated in
parentheses.
1. DEFINITIONS (GCC CLAUSE 1)
1)
GCC 1.1 (g)
The Procuring agency
is:
Board
Intermediate
Education,
Karachi.
2)
GCC 1.1 (h) The Procuring agency’s
country is:
Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
3)
GCC 1.1 (j)
The Project Site is:
Same as GCC 1.1(g) mentioned above.
2. COUNTRY OF ORIGIN (GCC CLAUSE 3)
All countries and territories as indicated in Part Two Section VI of the bidding documents,
“Eligibility for the Provisions of Goods, Works, and Services in Government-Financed
Procurement”.
Page 5 of 8
3. PERFORMANCE SECURITY (GCC CLAUSE 7)
GCC 7.1
The amount of performance security, as a percentage of the Contract
Price, shall be Ten (10) percent of the Contract Price which should
be submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of Secretary, Board
of Intermediate Education Karachi.
4. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (GCC CLAUSE 28)
The dispute resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to relevant SPPRA Rules.
5. GOVERNING LANGUAGE (GCC CLAUSE 29)
GCC 29.1
The Governing
Language shall be:
English.
6. NOTICES (GCC CLAUSE 31)
GCC 31.1 — Procuring agency’s address for notice purposes:
Office of the Admin General Section, (Chairman’s Secretariat Ground Floor), Board of
Intermediate Education, Karachi.
7. PENALTY
1) Preferred penalties according to the issue\subject may be imposed upon the Supplier(s)
such as:
i.
rejection of the unsatisfactory Supplied material
ii.
Blacklisting of the firm
iii.
deductions as per SPPRA Rules.
iv.
forfeiting of whole Security amount
Anyone or more than one from the aforesaid penalties may be imposed upon the Supplier(s) in
the following cases:
a) In case of transgression/deviation of the time given in the Contract Award
b) In case of transgression, deviation, mistake or low quality found in the supplied Item(s)
c) In case the specification, quantity, rate or stuff of a Tender in certain item or items are
approved and the Bidder backs out of his commitment on any pretext or fails to supply
the material or complete the job in time or in the required criteria.
8.
SUBJECT TO RELEVANT SPPRA RULES,
THE COMPETENT AUTHORITY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO:
(a) divert/distribute a particular work among different Bidders on the lowest approved rate(s)
in the interest of the office due to demand of time/situation.
(b) accept or reject all or any bid.
(c) increase or decrease quantity without any notice at any time/stage subject to ITB Clause
29.
Page 6 of 8
9. SPECIAL CLAUSE (TERMS & CONDITIONS)
Under following conditions bid will be rejected:-
Conditional and telegraphic bids/tenders
Bids not accompanied by Bid Security of required amount and form
Bids received after specified date and time
Bids of Blacklisted firms
Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria
and enclose Bid Security.
Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-
submission of Bid Security shall be rejected.
4)
Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and
completely satisfy themselves about the required items for which they are bidding
for.
5)
An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for
clarification of contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency
shall respond to such queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they
are received at least five calendar days prior to the date of opening of bid.
6)
The offered products should be prime quality products. Cheap products of low
quality or substandard shall not be accepted and the said bid shall be treated as
Irresponsive.
7)
Inferior, low quality or substandard products will be rejected and Security Money
shall be forfeited and the bidder may also be blacklisted.
8)
The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest
Submitted Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract subject to
compatibility/suitability of the item(s).
9)
The bidder shall supply the article(s) as per approved specifications mentioned in
the Contract Award. The article(s) not found in conformity with the approved
specifications shall be rejected at the risk & cost of the bidder.
10)
The Contract Award may be assigned at any time during the period of bid validity.
11)
The successful bidder will have to deposit Performance Security @ 10% of the
value of Contract Award which is refundable after the satisfactory completion of
supplies.
12)
The amount of Performance Security is in addition to the amount of Bid Security
which should be deposited by the successful bidder(s). Bid Security shall remain
valid for a period of 28 days beyond the validity period for bids, whereas
Performance Security shall be released ninety days beyond the date of completion
of contract to cover defects liability period subject to final acceptance by the
procuring agency in accordance with SPPRA Rules.
Page 7 of 8
13)
Print Line must be given by the Printer on every Printed material.
14)
Before start of final printing the Supplier should get the specimen and final proof
approved by the Concerned Officer(s), within one week of acknowledgement of
the Award of Contract.
16)
17)
18)
Placement of Contract Award will be subject to payment of Performance Security.
The material shall be delivered to Storekeeper, through the concerned Officers as
the case may be, against delivery challan in triplicate along with samples of
material in duplicate. Two copies of the bills and challan shall be retained by the
Storekeeper while the third copy shall be returned to the supplier for his own
record.
The delivery will have to be made at our site within stipulated time as mentioned in
the Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at least one month after
issuance of contract award which may be increased or decreased due to demand of
time/situation.
19)
SPPRA Rules-2010 (Amended 2017) shall strictly be followed.
10. EQUIVALENCY OF STANDARDS AND CODES
Reference to brand name, catalogue number or country where used, they should always be read
with followed by the words “or at least equivalent.”
SECTION-IV.
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS:
The delivery will have to be made at our site within stipulated time as mentioned in the Contract
Award. Minimum time period will be at least 60 days after issuance of contract award which
may be increased or decreased due to demand of time/situation.
Page 8 of 8
SECTION-V.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
S.No.
Name of Article
Quantity
1
Tabulation Sheet
Tabulation Sheets
Printing of Tabulation Sheet with cost of 90 gram imported offset paper
in Green Colour
A
Section- A
Composing. Printing Stop and Go through ruling of
TABULATION SHEETS in Outlines only in the size of
20” x 30” as the case may be.
35,000 Nos.
B
Section –B
Composing and printing of TEXT (Entries) spread
cover in 3 columns (from column 2 to 4) in the
Printed Tabulation Outline on sheets of 20” x 30”
size as the case might be. (for 1 copy only) (for 2
copies only)
25,000 Nos.
C
Section –C
Binding Changes (for all operations) including cost of
material,
Rahwali
Straw
Suitable
Grammage (specimen may be seen if desired), cloth
back and corners, marble paper on sides, inside thick
linings, sectional sewing (Juzbandi Silai), Numbering
and labeling etc.
250 Nos.
