SBD 
                for Re-Tender for Hiring of Security Services     
                 19-01-2025
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2024-2025/SBD%20for%20Re-Tender%20for%20Hiring%20of%20Security%20Services/Standard%20Bidding%20Documents.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

ete
STANDARD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
FOR
NATIONAL COMPETITIVE BIDDING
SINGLE STAGE
TWO ENVELOPES PROCEDURE
RE-TENDER FOR
HIRING OF SECURITY
SERVICES
IN RESPECT OF THE
3 . BIE/AG/L&N/1285/2025 Dated: 07-01-2025
&" VOLUME-|
TECHNICAL PROPOSAL
1]Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical Proposal)
2|Page
Bone of Intermediate Education phones: 99260211
akthtiarl Youth Center, North Nazimabad, 99260212
Karachi - 74700 99260213
NO.BIE/AG /L&N//289/2025 Dated; 7-01-2025
Sindh Govt. Website Board's Website SPPRA Sindh Govt, Website
www.sindh.govt.pk www. biekedupk www. pprasindh.gov.s
NOTICE JNVITING TENDERS
Si
Sealed ender \s Invited from reputed security agencies registered with Home Department of Govt. of
K /epartment & concerned Tax Authorities. The detail is as under:
Cost of Date for
Tender Tile Siding | (ssvance ot | Deadline for } Opening of] _ Method of Bid
Bidding} submission Bid Procurement | Security
Document
Documents.
NCB Single
31.01.2025 | ‘Stage Two
2t 02:30PM | at 03:00PM | Envelopes
Hiring of Security Rs.2,000/= ¥7.012028 31.01.2025
Note: Two Ex-SSG personnel (for Supervisor) shall be provided for Day & Night shift.
The interest bidders can obtain bidding documents containing terms & conditions, can be
downloaded from https://portalsindh eprocure.gov.nk/#/ or www.hiekedupk and the Tender Documents
fee @Rs.2,000/- (Non-refundable) must be submitted in shape of pay order in favor of Secretary, Board of
Intermediate Education, Karachi on any working day as per schedule mentioned above before online
submission deadline of bid on EPADS
with the instructions in the bidding documents, and the
bmission deadline as per schedule mentioned above.
ids must be submitted in
Room No.31 before online
ady submitted on EPADS.
The preparation of bids must in accordance
bids must be submitted on EPADS on or before sul
Bids should be submitted electronically through EPADS and original Bi
Procurement Wing, Administration General Section, Old Building, Ist Floor,
submission deadline of the Bids Only those bid will be entertained which is alre
All interest bidders must register themselves At EPADS at
https://sindh.eprocure.goy.pk/st/supplier/registration
holiday, unforeseen situation, climate changing & disaster In
Incase of unexpected announcement of
the same venue & time as mentioned above.
city, the tender will be opened on next working day on
Bid Security in shape of pay order in favor of the Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education Karachi
must be submitted in Procurement Wing, Administration General Section, Old Building, 1* Floor, Room
No.31 before online submission deadline of the Bids
“The Procuring Agency may reject all or any bid subject to the relevant provision of SPPRA rules”.
(PROF. AMEER{USSAIN GADRI)
Secretary
SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical Proposal)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, } wwo.tiseaivo
BAKHTIYARI YOUTH CENTER, NORTH NAZIMABAD, nneney
noe A KARACHI-74700 ee
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS &
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT:
The Instructions to Bidders (ITB) and General Conditions of Contract (GCC) applied in this
Contract shall be the same as per Standard Bidding Documents for Goods, issued by SPPRA.
For further references the same may be downloaded from SPPRA’s website
https://portalsindh.eprocure.gov.pk/#/ . Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions hereafter
shall prevail over those in the Instructions to Bidders & General Conditions of Contract. The
corresponding clause number of the ITB & GCC is indicated in parentheses.
BID DATA SHEET
INTRODUCTION
ITB 1.1 Name of Contract Re-Tender for Hiring of Security
ITB 4.1 Name of Procuring Agency Board of Intermediate Education
Karachi
ITB 6.1, Procuring agency’s address, Board of Intermediate Education,
telephone, telex, and facsimile Bakhtiyari Youth Center North
numbers Nazimabad
Tel: 99260211, 99260212, 99260213
Fax: 99260203 & 99260208
ITB 8.1 Language of the bid English or Urdu
BID PRICE AND CURRENCY
ITB 11.2 The price shall be in Pakistani currency inclusive of all Govt. Taxes.
3|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical Proposal)
ag
DETAIL OF TENDER & BIDDER
Hiring of Security Services
No. BIE/AG/L&N/1285/2025
Date of Issue: From 17/01/2025 10:00 AM to 31/01/2025 12:00 PM
Last Date of Submission: 31/01/2025 (02:30 PM)
Opening of Proposal: 31/01/2025 (03:00 PM)
Name of Firm:
SRB Registration Number:
NT
4|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical Proposal)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION
Website:
www.biek.edu.pk
BAKHTIYARI YOUTH CENTER, NORTH NAZIMABAD, Phone:
KARACHI-74700 99260211-12-13
Ext: 130
TECHNICAL EVALUATION /QUALIFICATION CRITERIA
S.NO. EVALUATION /QUALIFICATION CRITERIA MAMUM
POINTS.
A certificate / affidavit that the Security Agency is not black listed
1 | by any Government / Semi-Government / Autonomous Body etc. 05
and its not involved in any kind of insolvency litigation.
>_ | NIN Certificate - Mandatory (05) ay
SRB / GST Registration Certificate - Mandatory (05)
3 Valid License issued by Home Department, Govt. of Sindh a5
[4 [List of Weapons / Equipment / Gadgets / Vehicles 10
5 Provide the detail of Ex-Army-man / Armed Guards 10
Financial Turn-over for the last three years showing the financial
soundness of the bidder.
6 © Supported by Audit Reports (5) 15
Balance Sheets (05)
Bank Certificate showing the monthly Turn-over of 05
(Five) million or above (05)
7 | lst of similar services provided to public sector organizations, ag
during last 03 years. (5 points for each year)
g__| List of 5 firms 7 public sector organizations Services currently in 0
operation. (2 points for each service)
[9 | Managerial Capability / No. of Guards 05
10 | List of Security Staff on permanent roster 05
TOTAL POINTS 100
Note:
5|Page
Minimum 70 Points are required to technically qualify.
The offer will not be entertained if the required documents have not been
found attached.
Financial Bid will be rejected if bid security less than 3% of bid price.
ar *
he
ft
ARACHT
SUPPORTING DOCUME
SUR eee
Only those bidders can apply in this tender who meet the qualification criteria. The following
supporting documents must be attached as separate bunch.
S.No | Description Yes | No
© Registration certificate both FBR and SRB
© NTN Certificate
Valid license issued by Govt. of Sindh to operate in Sindh Province
NOC issued by Sindh Government
Registration with SECP
Registered with APSAA
Registration with Social Security
1
alufajwlr
Note: Bidder must be provided supporting documentation for evaluation. BIEK can verify any
document submitted by the agency at any point in time. In case of non-validation of any
document submitted during/after the bidding process, BIEK reserves the right to remove/reject
the bidder.
Stamp & Signature
6|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical Proposal)
the Security Agency / Firm ensur
PREFERRED STANDARDS FOR SECURITY PERSONNEL
ARMED SECURITY GUARD (EX-ARMY-MAN & SSG-COMMANDO)
i. Educational qualification minimum Matriculate.
ii, Ex-SSG Commando from the Armed Forces of Pakistan.
iii, Should be qualified Army Commando Course.
iv. The minimum service in SSG should be 10 years.
v. Field Experience should be a minimum of 5 years.
vi. Should be able to handle security situations/related matters.
vii. Medically / physically fit with medical Category “A”.
viii, Preferably from fighting arms like Infantry or Navy Marines with
clean conductsheet.
ix. Should be able to communicate in Urdu.
x. Age should not be more than 50 years.
ARMED SECURITY GUARD (CIVILIAN):
i. Educational qualification should be minimum Matriculate.
ii. Preferably from fighting arms like Infantry or Navy Marines with clean
conductsheet.
ili, Relevant experience of 1 year must be in any reputed organization.
iv. There should be no criminal record/Firs.
v. Medically / physically fit with medical Category “A”.
vi. Should be able to communicate in Urdu.
ii. Age not more than 45 years.
Police verification certificate required
LADY SEARCHER
i. Educated with minimum Intermediate qualification.
ii, Age between 20 to 45 years.
iii, Experience of 02 to 03 years working in a similar capacity in any large
organization, preferably in an educational institution.
iv, Should be able to communicate in Urdu.
v. Should know public safety and security procedures/protocols.
n educational institution or similar place will be preferred &
e that Security Guards must be a Pakistani National, and
Experience of serving ina
have valid CNIC.
7|Page
iii,
vi.
vii.
vili.
xi,
xii.
xili.
AS xiv.
8|Page
xvi.
eS RARACHT SY
GUARD DRESS & EQUIPMENT'S REQUIREMENT
2x T-shirts with company monogram will be given every year on 1 May (during
thesummer season).
1x Shirt with company monogram will be given every year on 1“ Nov (during
winterseason).
1x New winter jacket/sweater with company monogram will be given on Ist Oct
of everyyear (during winter season).
Trousers (Tucked in boots).
Blue Socks (pure cotton)
DMS (Duty military shoes).
Cap with company monogram,
Brass whistle.
Ammunition pouch.
Pistol pouch (black) for guards carrying pistols.
Sling for guards carrying repeater, SMG, rifle.
Web belt.
Flashlight (Black / grey) for night duty. The provision of the battery will be
theresponsibility of the Security Company.
Binoculars (For SSG Commando only)
Handheld wireless communicator set.
For Special requirements, guards will wear Shalwar Qameez (Black/Blue) with
Peshawari Chappal(sandal), Belt, Cap and Company’s Monogram
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, | wwaiemedupk
BAKHTIYARI YOUTH CENTER, NORTH NAZIMABAD,
KARACHI-74700
Phone:
9926021 1-12-13,
PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
17B 15.1, 3% (Three percent) of the bid price, which should be
Amount of bid submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of Secretary,
security Board of Intermediate Education Karachi and shall remain
(refundable) valid for a period of 28 days beyond the validity period for
bid.
ITB 16.1 Bid Validity Period 90 days from the date of opening of Tender.
The office of the (Procurement Wing) Administration General
Section Old Building, 1° Floor, Room No.31, Board of
Intermediate Education, Karachi.
ITB 18.2 (b) Title: Re-Tender for Hiring of Security Services
IFB title and number | FB No: BIE/AG/L&N/1285/2025
Dated: 07-01-2025
mpise:2i() Address for bid
submission
ITB 19.1 Date & Time for
Issuance of Bidding | From 31/01/2025 10:00 AM to 31/01/2025 12:00 PM
Documents
ITB 22.1 Deadline for Bids must be submitted through EPADS on or before
Submission of 31/01/-2025 up to 02:30 P.M and will be opened on the same
Bidding Documents | day at 03:00 P.M in the presence of bidders’ representatives
and opening of bid _| who wish to attend.
ITB 25.4 (b) fing of Security The Services will have to be rendered at our site within
Services stipulated time as mentioned in the Contract Agreement
which may be increased or decreased as per SPPRA rule.
9|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical Proposal)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATIO woww.bielceduspke
KARACHI-74700 Ses Ne
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
a) Bids without earnest money will not be entertained. Earnest money of the successful
bidder may be returned after signing of the contract agreement.
Tenders shall be made in the forms supplied therefore, with all items and blanks
properly filled in. All data and figures and the signature of persons signing the
tender shall be in ink.
b.
All unit prices filled in the schedule of quantities shall be firm. The unit prices against
each item of work and estimate amount and all other data called for shall be given.
¢
d) “In case of a discrepancy between the unit price and amount entered for any item in
the schedule of quantities, the unit price will be taken as correct and the amount will
be adjusted accordingly when the tender is being examined”.
The tender must be signed on each and every page by a person (s) authorized to do so.
SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical
10|Page
Proposal)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, } wow.bickedunk
99260211-12-13,
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
The following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General
Conditions of Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over
those in the General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is
indicated in parentheses.
1, PERFORMANCE SECURITY (GCC CLAUSE 7)
1) | Gcc7.1 The amount of performance security, as a percentage of the
Contract Price, shall be Five (05) percent of the Contract Price
which should be submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of
Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
2. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (GCC CLAUSE 28)
The dispute resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to relevant SPPRA Rules.
3, NOTICES (GCC CLAUSE 31)
GCC 31.1 — Procuring agency's address for notice purposes:
Office of the Admin General Section, (Chairman’s Secretariat), Ground Floor, Board of
4. PENALTY
1) Preferred penalties according to the issue\subject may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) such as:
rejection of the unsatisfactory Supplied material
Blacklisting of the firm
. _ Liquidity damages shall be applied as per SPPRA Rules.
iv. forfeiting of whole Security amount
Anyone or more than one from the aforesaid penalties may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) in the following cases:
a) In case of transgression/deviation of the time given in the Contract Award
b) In case of transgression, deviation, mistake found in the provided services &
weapons.
c) In case the specification, quantity, rate or stuff of a Tender in certain item or items
are approved and the Bidder backs out of his commitment on any pretext or fails to
supply the material or complete the job in time or in the required criteria.
SUBJECT TO RELEVANT SPPRA RULES,
THE COMPETENT AUTHORITY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO:
(a) divert/distribute a particular work among different Bidders on the lowest approved
rate(s) in the interest of the office due to demand of time/situation.
(b) accept or reject all or any bid.
(c) increase or decrease quantity of Security Guards without any notice at any
time/stage.
11|Page
Pee Proposal)
6. TERMS & CONDITIONS
1) Under following conditions bid will be rejected:-
i. Conditional and telegraphic bids/tenders.
ii. Bids not accompanied by Bid Security of required amount and form.
ili, Bids received after specified date and time.
iv. Bids of Blacklisted firms.
Inspection: Nominated Inspection Committee will make inspection of Security Services.
2
i)
All prices will include all costs of performing the works including labour, material income
tax, GST. Octori charges. Royalties & transportation etc. as mentioned in the agreement.
4) No subletting of all or any part of work will be allowed at any cost / reasons.
5) Services will be delivered at Board of Intermediate Education Karachi as awarded work.
The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest Submitted
Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract subject to compatibility/suitability of
the item(s).
The bidder shall provide the security services as per approved specifications mentioned
in the Contract Award. If the Guards and their services not found in conformity with the
approved specifications shall be rejected at the risk & cost of the bidder.
The Contract Award may be assigned at any time during the period of bid validity.
The amount of Performance Security is in addition to the amount of Bid Security which
should be deposited by the successful bidder(s). Bid Security shall remain valid for a
period of 28 days beyond the validity period for bids.
10) Placement of Contract Award will be subject to payment of Performance Security.
11) The services should be provided strictly in accordance with the approved schedule.
6
7)
8
9
12) SPPRA Rules-2010 (Amended) shall strictly be followed.
13) Disqualification:
Proposals are liable to be rejected if:
a) Bids of the bidders who have been blacklisted or are in process of blacklisting
by BIEK shall be rejected;
b) Proposals are found conditional or incomplete in any respect;
c) Received later than the appointed / fixed, date and a time;
d) There is any deviation from the Instructions to Bidders;
e) Multiple rates are quoted;
f) Proposals (Financial/Technical) containing unauthenticated amendments
/corrections /overwriting);
If the validity of proposal is not quoted as required;
Proposal made through EPADS.
hi
12|Page
7. Earnest Money (Bid Security)
a) All bidders must submit Bid Security (Refundable) equivalent to 3% of total bid
value in form of Pay Order in favor of “Secretary Board of Intermediate Education,
Karachi” shall be submitted. Bids without bid security will be rejected.
b) Bid security of unsuccessful bidders will be returned after opening of the financial bids
within 15 days.
8. Cost of Preparation of Bidding Documents and Liability
The bidder shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of the bid.
BIEK will, in no case, be responsible or liable for these costs, or have any other liability to
any bidder, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the tender process. BIEK shall have
no obligation to any bidder to reimburse any costs incurred in preparing a response to
the bidding document.
9. Payment Schedule
Payment will be made on or after 10" of each month after deduction of all applicable
taxes subject to submission of bill (s) along with manual attendance sheet &
satisfactory certificate of concerned officer on or before 5" of each month. Payment
will be made through cross Cheque/online transfer etc. to the firm on its postal address
through courier.
10. Period of Contract
a) The services are required for a period of one year upon the satisfaction of the
Competent Authority of BIEK. In case of unsatisfactory performance, the service of
firm will be terminated at any time with one month prior notice.
b) On satisfactory completion of one year, BIEK can renew the contract for another one
year with the mutual consent. Contract extendable up to three years.
11. Performance Security
The successful bidders will be required to furnish a Performance Security of 5%
(Five Percent) of yearly contract amount. The performance security will be confiscated
if the successful bidder (s) fails to provide the required services as per TOR.
. 12, Stamp Duty
As
‘
Stamp Duty @ 0.35% of the cost of transaction / Work order will be deposited in
Government treasury by the SUPPLIER. This paid Stamp Duty challan would be
submitted along with the Bill / Invoice.
13. Arbitration
In case of any difference or dispute arising between the parties relating to the present
bid or during the contract period, shall be referred to resolution to the Chairman BIEK
or his duly authorized nominee whose decision shall be final and binding on both the
parties and cannot be challenged in any court of law.
13|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical
° Proposal)
CONTRACT AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT is executed at KARACHI, on this day 2025
BETWEEN
Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi, hereinafter called and referred to as “BIEK” (which
expression shall wherever the context so permits, be deemed to include its legal representatives,
executors, successors and assigns) of the FIRST PART.
AND
M/s. ., having its office at .. .. hereinafter referred to as “THE SERVICE PROVIDER”
(which expression shall wherever the context, so permits be deemed to include its legal
representatives, executors, successor and assigns), through its proprietor .
holding CNIC No on the SECOND PART.
WITNESS
“BIEK” hereby offer to appoint M/s ... as their official
Services Provider for the specific purpose of “Security Services” in respect of the same with “BIEK”
before the determination of the scope of services on a suitable scale with any/all other relevant
details for presentation to “BIEK” for services of Security Services. “THE SERVICE PROVIDER” hereby
agrees to the offer of the “BIEK” in acceptance of the terms & conditions herein below forth.
WHEREAS
“The BIEK intends to obtain security services to protect its i- premises, ii- property, iii- personnel, iv-
students etc. whenever & wherever the security services (hereinafter the “Security Services”)
required wherever including at the specified locations of BIEK, i.e. Main Building, Library Building,
Main Entrance, Parking Area, Counters, Chairman Office, Secretary Office, Controller Office etc. The
identified location(s) can be withdrawn or might be added at the discretion of the BIEK, NOW IT IS
HEREBY AGREED & DECLARED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS FOLLOWS:
Article |
DUTIES & SCOPE OF AGREEMENT-|
“THE SERVICE PROVIDER” will provide security services as per BIEK requirements at the following
workplaces:
4.1 Main Building, Library Building, Main Entrance, Parking Area, Counters, Chairman Office,
“ Secretary Office, Controller Office & Examination Centres (if any).
1.2 THE SERVICE PROVIDER will be responsible for providing security services at the desired
locations, as per the direction, supervision, of nominated officer / official by Competent Authority of
BIEK.
1.3 “THE SERVICE PROVIDER” hereby agrees to attend the meetings with the “BIEK” as & when
required.
14|Page
1.4 Staff deputed at BIEK shall be interviewed by the BIEK management prior to their deployment at
1.5 BIEK has the right to increase or decrease the quantity, and the service provider is bound to
provide without any change in commission percentage.
1.6 BIEK reserves the right to cancel any or all the items mentioned in different categories or may
terminate any part of the BoQ or item independently if the required service standards are not met
accordingly.
Article It
Contract Period
The agreement will be for 12 months. The agreement may be extended for another term of one year
ora suitable period thereof by mutual consent.
Article Ill
Terms & Conditions
3.1 Security Company to quote separate rates as per the categories mentioned in the document.
3.2 Performance Security @5% of the total cost of contracted amount will be deposited to the BIEK
within seven days of after receiving of notification of award.
3.3 Payment for rendered security services will be made to the security Agency / Firm on the
completion of each month based on actual attendance/duties performed by security guards during
the concerned month. The security Agency / Firm will submit bill to Secretary's Office of BIEK
between 1st to 5th of each month.
3.4 Alll applicable tax(es) will be borne by the Service Provider. The firm should be registered with
the Home Department of Govt. of Sindh, SRB Department & concerned Tax Authorities.
3.5 No sub-letting/ sub-contracting of services in any form is allowed.
3.6 Stamp Duty @ 0.35% of the cost of transaction / Work order will be deposited in Government
treasury by the SUPPLIER. This paid Stamp Duty challan would be submitted along with the Bill /
Invoice
3.7 The Firm / Agency / must provide Clearance/ Registration certificate from relevant authorities
ie. Provincial / Federal / Home Department and Interior Ministries, APSA etc.
3.8 Breakdown of emoluments (Charging for one guard from BIEK) must be given to BIEK by Security
Agency / Firm to ensure that guards are given declared amount of pay.
3.9 Any additional manpower required over and above the quantity mentioned in scope of work will
be charged at the same rate. Whenever required, THE SERVICE PROVIDER will interchange the
manpower from existing trades mentioned in the “Category” as per the requirement of BIEK.
3.10 The Security Agency / Firm ensure that Security Guards must be a Pakistani National, and have
valid CNIC
15|Page SBD for Hi
ng of Security Services (Technical
3.11 All Government taxes (including Income tax and stamp duties), levies and charges will be
charged as per applicable rates / denomination.
3.12 The attendance would be closed at end of every month to process the bill for the current
month by 15th. The attendance will be verified by the BIEK representative, for further processing.
The attendance cycle will be on a monthly basis.
3.13 The salary structure, emoluments paid to the Security Personnel contacted to BIEK, Karachi —
should be consonant with prevalent Government policies.
3.14 BIEK may purchase / hire / security equipment through the “Security Service Provider” &
charges would be paid duly approved by the authority, on submission of quotation(s) / bill(s) /
invoice(s).
3.15 The Security Company / Firm will keep the Authority free of any liability for the cause of
compensation/ legal course, if any employee of the Security Company claims in case of their injury,
death etc.
3.16 Any claims of injuries, loss of limb or life of labor and other workers engaged/employed by the
Security Company for operations under this agreement or work connected directly or indirectly with
the agreement shall be settled and paid by the Security Company. The Authority shall in no way be
responsible for any compensation in this connection.
Article IV
Indemnification
4.1 The “Service Provider” shall indemnify and hold the BIEK harmless from, against and in respect of
any losses, costs, liabilities, or damages resulting from any misrepresentation, omission, breach of
warranty that the “Security Service Provider” may have given in or under this Agreement, and also
against any suit, action, proceeding or demand brought by any third party, including any
governmental authority, in connection with this Agreement.
4.2 Further, BIEK shall not have any liability of any unauthorized act or omission by any of the
Security Personnel and for the sake of brevity it is hereby acknowledged between the Parties Hiring
of Security Services Technical Proposal Tender # BIE/AG/L&N/1225/2024 that this Agreement shall
not constitute any agency and/or partnership relationship between BIEK and the Security
Personnel/” Security Service Provider.
Article V
WV, Arbitration:
\. The parties expressly consent that in the event of arising a dispute as to the provisions of this
agreement, or any modification hereto, each party shall submit its respective interpretation to the
other for consideration. However, in case of any controversy or claim arising out or relating to this
‘Agreement or its breach, shall be resolved through arbitration under the Arbitration Act-1940 and
Chairman BIEK, shall have the right to act as arbitrator. His decision will be binding upon both the
parties, The Arbitration proceedings will be governed by the Arbitration Act, 1940 and the
Substantive and procedural law of Pakistan. The venue shall be Karachi.
16|Page
Article VI
Termination:
“BIEK” may terminate this agreement if the job is not executed according to the requirement at any
time after issuing 15 days’ notice. The BIEK may terminate any part of the BoQ or item
independently if the required service standards are not met accordingly.
Article VII
Indemnity:
"THE SERVICE PROVIDER” in its individual capacity shall indemnify and keep BIEK and any person
claiming through BIEK fully indemnified and harmless from and against all damages, cost and
expenses caused to or incurred by “THE SERVICE PROVIDER”, as a result of any defect in the title of
BIEK or any fault, neglect or omission by the “THE SERVICE PROVIDER” which disturbs or damage the
reputation, quality or the standard of services provided by “BIEK” and any person claiming through
the BIEK.
Notice:
Any notice given under this AGREEMENT shall be sufficient if it is in writing and if sent by courier or
registered mail.
Article IX
Severability:
If any terms covenant or condition of this agreement shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable in a
court of law or equity, the remainder of this agreement shall be valid & enforced to the fullest extent
permitted by prevailing law.
Article X
Renewal
The contract period for security services is one year. The contract period may be renewed based on
satisfactory performance of the company / firm / agency and mutual consent.
Article Xt
Payment Terms:
11.1 Payment will be made on monthly basis after submission bill (s) along with verified manual
attendance sheet and satisfactory certificate.
11.2 Payments by BIEK shall be made subject to Withholding Tax and other Government levies, in
accordance with law.
Article Xi
Miscellaneous:
12.1 Any addition & alteration(s) made in the contents as required which entail extra time & labor
and material on part of the services, shall be charged separately/extra on ‘Quantum Merit’ basis
before & on final services handed over to the “BIEK”. After FINAL WORKS if any alteration(s), arise
charges will be paid on mutually agreed upon.
17|Page
ets Proposal)
12.2 Competent Authority reserves the right to change / alter / remove any item or reduce i
enhance quantity without assigning any reason.
12.3 The terms and conditions of the AGREEMENT have been read over to the parties which admit
being correct and abide by the same.
12.4 All terms & conditions mentioned in the bidding document will be an integral part of this
agreement and can’t be revoked.
12.5 No amendment, modification, or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in
writing (such writing to include a facsimile transmission) and executed by each of the Party.
12.6 This agreement is effective from
“Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi”
NAME:
CNIC#,
Signature:
WITNESS: 1
CNICH#.
18|Page
to
M/s.
NAME:.
CQicje
Signature,
WITNESS: 2
INANE: nena nS. Oe
CNIC #
Sit ———————
INTEGRITY PACT
Declaration of Charges, Fees, Commission, Taxes, Levies etc. payable by the company / firm/
agency for Security Services;
M/s. the Security Services
hereby declares that:
(a) Its intention not to obtain the procurement work of any contract, right, interest,
privilege, or other obligation or benefit from the BIEK or any administrative or
financial offices thereof or any other department under the control of the BIEK
through any corrupt practice(s).
{b) Without limiting the generality of the forgoing the company / firm/ agency
represents and warrants that it has fully declared the charges, fees, commission,
taxes, levies etc., paid or payable to anyone and not given or agreed to give and shall
not give or agree to give to anyone within the BIEK directly or indirectly through any
means any commission, gratification, bribe, gifts, kickback whether described as
consultation fee or otherwise, with the object of obtaining or including the
procurement or service contract or order or other obligations whatsoever from the
BIEK, except that which has been expressly declared pursuant hereto.
(c) The company / firms / agency / accepts full responsibility and strict liability for
making any false declaration /statement, not making full disclosure, misrepresenting
facts or taking any action likely to degrade the purpose of declaration,
representation and warranty. It agrees that any contract/order obtained aforesaid
shall without prejudice to any other right & remedies available to the BIEK under any
law, contract, or other instrument, be stand void at the discretion of the BIEK.
(d) Notwithstanding any right and remedies exercised by the BIEK in this regard,
company/firm/agency agrees to indemnify the BIEK for any loss or damage incurred
by it on account of its corrupt business practice & further pay compensation to the
BIEK in any amount equivalent to the loss of any commission, gratification, bribe,
gifts, kickback given by the company/firm/agency/service provider as aforesaid for
the purpose of obtaining or inducing procurement/work/service or other obligation
or benefit in whatsoever from the BIEK.
This integrity pact is mandatory requirement other than auxiliary services / works.
19|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Technical
* Proposal)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, } wowiekedunk
Gy)
CERTIFICATE
\/We have carefully read & understood the Terms & Conditions whatever has been
stated herein the enclosed pages and abide to the same. 1/We guarantee to
supply/deliver/install the items exactly in accordance with the requirements and enclosed
the Bid Security payable to Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
Phot
99260211-12-13
ADDRESS OF FIRM:
FULL NAME OF CONCERNED PERSON:
CNIC NUMBER:
POSITION HELD IN:
PHONE NUMBER(S):
MOBILE NUMBER(S):
FAX NUMBER(S):
NATIONAL TAX NUMBER:
GENERAL SALES TAX NUMBER:
STAMP OF THE FIRM:
PAY ORDER NUMBER:
BANK & BRANCH NAME:
DATED:
20|Page
Karachi - 74700
No. BIE/AG/L&N/\X*4/2024
ORDER
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad,
99260211
Phones: @ 99260212
99260213
Dated; lo -12-2024
With the approval of competent authority, a “Procurement Committee” comprising of
the following is hereby re-constituted in compliance of SPPRA Rule-7, to invite, evaluate
and finalize the bids for Procurement of Good & Services for BIE, Karachi and recommend
the successful bidder / firm to the competent authority for award of contract:
1. Mr. Shujaat Hashmi,
Deputy Secretary/
Deputy Controller of Examinations
BIE, Karachi.
2. Mr. Tariq Abrar,
Director Physical Education,
3. Mr. Arif Hussain Jalbani,
Assistant Programmer/IT Manager Acting
4, Mr. Asad Ahmed Khan Afridi,
Deputy Director,
STEVTA.
5. Mr. Najaf Ali Mughni,
System Administrator
Abbasi Shaheed Hospital,
Preparing and/or reviewing bidding docu
Convener
Member
Member |
| evaluation of the bids.
f contract to the competent authority,
, Arie
(PROF. AMEER AN ADR!)
2) Carrying out technical as well as financia
3) Preparing evaluation report as provided in SPPRA rule 45.
4) Making recommendations for the award of
5) Perform any other function ancillary and incidental to the above.
2 |Page
2 99260211 :
Board of Intermediate Education — pjones: g¥ 99260212
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, ,) 99260213
Karachi - 74700 Vee
No, BIE/AG/L&N//o 57/2024 Dated: 2s=01-2024
NOTIFICATION.
indh Public Procurement Rules 2010, with the approval of
In pursuance of Rule-31 of
the competent authority, 2 “COMPLAINT REDRESSAL COMMITTEE, comprising the
following, is hereby constituted to address the complaint of bidders that may occur during
the procurement proceedings:
MUHAMMAD KASHIF SIDDIQUE
Director Public Relation & Information (BPS-19) Convene
Representative of the Account General Sindh ‘Member
a |
An independent professional from the relevant field
concerning the procurement process in question, to be
nominated by the Chairman Board of Intermediate
Education, Karachi
\Member
Terms_of Reference:
22|Page
On receipt a complaint from an aggrieved bidder may, if satisfied:
« Prohibit the Procurement Committee from acting of deciding in @ manner,
inconsistent with SPPRA rules and regulations:
* Annul in whole or in part, any unauthorized act or decision of the Procurement
Commitlee,
* Reverse any decision cf the Procurement Committee or substitute its own decision
for such a decision: i
«May ask to provide any record relevant the complaint or bidding. ‘
+ Shall announce ils decision wilhin seven days receipt af a complaint,
— Chose BY
(HAROON RASHID)
SECRETARY (OFFICIATING)
DAILY KAWISH
12-01-2025
S39 3) ST 955
iy Ws
aie
ed |
ig oe ret tay)
WS,
Wis nF No.7 )2025
23|Page
wave sindh govt
99260213.9926021299260211 jy h74700. Shit
07-01-2025 >," BIE/AG/LS&:N/1285/2025,~7
Syl AISRD een
Ws iy ®
yee | bAiNcB 101-2025 | 2.000% EAGLE] Ov
ibn
Lau gEPADS JI fis
ooB tS Eth PR
Lun
kL hitps:/ portalsindh.eprocure. gow pil,
ts
ee gBPADS AS bd
v. pluiltsupphierireyistration fA -0.
Ap sthgi 2 WSSCQ ene Se wats taga|
15 PM birt Proton FRILL oh)
2000-024:
Flues thins eres
iLEPADS ES foi
Sef vi Gl 234|
UZ EPADS hot fS
Izates
24|Page
TENDER FOR
AS IN RESPECT OF THE
es BIE/AG/L&N/1285/2025 Dated: 07/01/2025
( ie Onn
VOLUME-II
FINANCIAL PROPOSAL
1[Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services
FORM OF BID
The Secretary,
Board of Intermediate Education,
Bakhtiari Youth Centre,
North Nazimabad,
Karachi-74700.
Sub: Providing Security Services for the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
Dear Sir,
1. Having examined the Tender Documents and the site conditions for the above
mentioned Project, we, the undersigned offer to provide security services in
conformity with the said tender Documents (and Addendum if any) for the sum of
under-mentioned amount on DDP basis:
EX-ARMY-MAN
Bid Price (in figures) :-
Bid Price (in words) :=
CIVILIAN GUARD
Bid Price (in words) :-
2. The above total sum is based on the quantities shown in the Bill of Quantities and
other works as mentioned in Salient Features.
3. We undertake, if our tender is accepted, to sign an agreement within Seven (07)
calendar days receipt of letter of award in the form laid out in annexure to this Tender
with such alterations and additions thereto as may be required to adopt, such
Agreement to circumstances of this Tender.
4. We undertake, if our Tender is accepted, to mobilize on-site within Ten (10) calendar
days of receipt of the letter of work order and commence the works on the first works
7 comprised in the contract within the time of completion specified in the Salient
? features.
a We agree to abide by the Tender for a period of Ninety (90) calendar days from the
ae date of opening of tender and shall remain binding upon us and may be accepted at
~~ any time before the expiration of that period.
6. Unless and until a formal Agreement is prepared and executed, this Tender together
with your written acceptance thereof and other relevant correspondence subsequent to
the Tender shall constitute a binding Contract between us.
2|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Financial Proposal)
7. We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any tender you may.
receive, and that you will not reimburse any expenses incurred by us in preparing and
submitting the Tender or otherwise in connection with the Tender.
8. Asa guarantee for the performance of the undertakings and obligations of this Tender,
we submit herewith 3% Bid Security in shape of Pay Order issued by the
(name of Bank) vide No.
dated made in favor of “Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education,
Karachi” and made payable to you without any reference to us and valid for 120
calendar days from the date of submission of Tender.
9, The Tender Documents referred to above constitute a part of this Tender and
comprise of the documents listed hereunder:
a) Instructions to bidders.
b) Salient Features / Terms & Condition of the Tender.
c) Evaluation Criteria.
d) Form of Agreement.
e) Scope of work / Schedule of Requirements.
f) The Addendum (if any).
g) The Drawings (if any).
in the capacity o!
duly authorized to sign bids for and on behalf of
(Name of Bidder in Block Capitals)
Address,
Witness:
(Signature)
“Address:
AS cccspaton
3|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Financial Proposal)
Note: If bidder wants to quote the Ex-Army shall be submitted @3% earnest
money of the quoted price
Rates must be quoted
with all Govt. Taxes
S.No. Designation Total Req. Rate Amount
Armed Security Guards n
(Ex-Army-Man) Day and Night
Security Supervisor (Day & Night)
2. | (Ex-SSG Personnel) 2
3, | Lady Searchers (Day Shift) rr
TOTAL 25
In case of any additional requirement of SSG Guards shall be provided for the
Examinations center. The payment of additional SSG Guard(s) shall be made on
production of Bill of actual days of duty
Total Amount for one month
Total Amount for one year
Total Amount for one month in words:
Rupees:
Oe
Total Amount for one year in words:
on Rupees:
Aare SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Financial Proposal)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, | ww siseeduot
KARACHI-74700 reeeret)
Note: If bidder wants to quote the Civilian Guard than shall be submitted @3%
earnest money of the quoted price
1, _| Civilian Guard (Day & Night) 22
. Security Supervisor (Day & Night) o
* | (Ex-SSG Personnel)
3. | Lady Searcher (Day Shift) 01
TOTAL 25,
Ky Rupees:
Ve se Total Amount for one year in words:
5|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Financial Proposal)
yoww.biekedu.pk
KARACHI-74700 99260211-12-13,
Ext: 130,
SUMMARY OF BID
EX-ARMY MAN
Rupees In Words Rupees In Figures
Total cost of the Bid:
(as offered by the Bidder)
Bid Security of 3% of
total amount/cost of the
quoted value (Refundable)
5% (Five percent) amount
of the Contract Price
Performance Security
(Refundable)
(Refundable) |
6|Page SBD for Hiring of Security Services (Financial Proposal)
