SBD
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2019-2020/TENDER%20SECURITY%2019-20/SBD/SBD%20Security%20Services%202019.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE
EDUCATION,
BAKHTIYARI YOUTH CENTER, NORTH NAZIMABAD,
KARACHI-74700
Phones:
STANDARD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
F O R
NATIONAL C O M P E T I T I V E BIDDING
SINGLE STAGE - TWO ENVELOPE PROCEDURE
TENDER FOR HIRING OF SECURITY SERVICES
TECHNICAL PROPOSAL
IN RESPECT OF THE
BIEK/AG/L&N/ 496 /2019
• Instructions to Bidders (ITB)
• General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
Page 1 of 17
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION.
INSTRUCTIONS T O B I D D E R S & G E N E R A L
CONDITIONS O F C O N T R A C T :
The Instructions to Bidders (ITB) and General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
applied in this Contract shall be the same as per Standard Bidding Documents for Goods,
issued by SPPRA. For further references the same may be downloaded from SPPRA's
website www.pprasindh.gov.pk or it may be provided from this Office if it may be
demanded by the bidder. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions hereafter shall
prevail over those in the Instructions to Bidders & General Conditions of Contract. The
corresponding clause number of the ITB & GCC is indicated in parentheses.
BID DATA S H E E T
INTRODUCTION
ITB 1.1
Name of Contract
Hiring of Security Services.
ITB 4.1
Name of Procuring Agency
Education Karachi
ITB 6.1
Procuring agency's address,
telephone, telex, and facsimile
numbers
Education, Bakhtiyari Youth
Center North Nazimabad
Tel: 99260211
99260212
99260213
Fax: 99260203 & 99260208
ITB 8.1
Language of the bid
English or Urdu
BID PRICE AND CURRENCY
ITB 11.2
The price shall be in Pakistani currency inclusive of all Taxes,
Transportation, Material and Labour charges involved therein.
ITB 11.5
During the entire period of bid validity, the price shall be fixed and the
bidder will have to supply the required items as per specifications and
quoted rates.
Page 2 of 17
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION,
PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
ITB 13.3 (d)
Qualification
Requirements
•
03 years experience in the relevant field (Client
List)
A
lii**n A\/or
AT
OV l o o c f
l o o t t h f a a
\ ; a o r c
n o \ M t i n
o c u m
i urn-over ui di lcdsi idsi inree ycdis iidvirig d
I S L I I I I
of minimum Rs. 5 Million for one year in last 03
years (Copies of financial statements / Audit
Report be attached.
Minimum 3 contracts of Rs.3 Million in last 3
years of similar goods / jobs
Registration with Federal Board of Revenue
(FBR), for Income Tax / SRB, GST and Sales Tax
in case of procurement of goods.
An Affidavit on Stamp Paper that the firm has
never been Blacklisted
ITB 15.1
Amount of bid
security (refundable)
3% (Three percent) of the bid price, which should be
submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of
Secretary,
Board of
Intermediate
Education
Karachi and shall remain valid for a period of 28 days
beyond the validity period for bid.
ITB 16.1
Bid Validity Period
90 days from the date of opening of Tender.
ITB 18.2 (a)
Address for bid
submission
The office of the (Procurement Wing) Admin General
Section (Chairman's Secretariat), Ground Floor, Board
of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
ITB 18.2 (b)
IFB title and number
Title: Hiring of Security Services
I F R M n « R I F 7 A r 7 l *fcl\I/4Q£ / 7 0 1 Q
Dated: 23-08-2019
ITB 19.1
Deadline for bid
Thursday 19th September 2019 up to 2:30 p.m
Sealed bids duly filled-in, mentioning on top of the
envelope
"Hiring
of Security Services." And
Technical and Financial
Proposal
in separate
envelopes
ITB 22.1
Time, date, and
place for bid
opening
Bids duly stamped on each document must be
submitted in the office of the Admin
General
Section (Chairman's Secretariat), Ground Floor,
Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi, in a
sealed cover on 19-09-2019 up to 2:30 P.M and
will be opened on the same day at 03:00 P.M in
the presence of bidders' representatives who wish
to attend.
ITB 25.4 (b)
Delivery schedule
The deployment of services will have to be made at our
site within stipulated time as mentioned in the Contract
Award. Minimum time period will be at least one week
after issuance of contract award which may be
increased
or
decreased
due
to
demand
of
time/situation.
Page 3 of 17
INSTRUCTIONS T O B I D D E R S
a) Deputy Secretary Admin General, calls tenders for the for the Hiring of Security
Services in accordance with Bill of Quantities, attached here to be submitted by
or before 2:30.PM onl9-09-2019. Tenders cost will not be reimbursed for any
cost of any kind whatsoever incurred in connection with preparations and
submission of their tenders.
b) The tender should be in the sealed envelope bearing name of the work /
contractor /
firm clearly marked and addressed to Secretary Board of
Intermediated Education, Karachi.
c)
The tender may be delivered in person or sent by registered mail so as to reach
on or before the date & time stated above. Any tender received after the
stipulated time will not be considered.
d) Bids without earnest money will not be entertained. Earnest money of the
successful bidder may be returned after signing of the contract agreement.
e) Detailed particulars of the work can be discussed with Procurement Wing
(Admin General Section) Board of Intermediate Education Karachi on any
Working day during the office hours.
f) Tenders shall be made in the forms supplied therefore, with all items and blanks
properly filled in. All data and figures and the signature of persons signing the
tender shall be in ink.
g) All unit prices filled in the schedule of quantities shall be firm. The unit prices
against each item of work and estimate amount and all other data called for shall
be given.
h) All prices quoted shall be deemed to include all costs of performing the works,
including labour, materials, income tax, duties, octroi charges, royalties permit;
all applicable taxes etc. and no claim whatsoever shall be accepted in case of
escalation any or all prices entered in the rate of bid.
i)
"In case of a discrepancy between the unit price and amount entered for any
item in the schedule of quantities, the unit price will be taken as correct and the
amount will be adjusted accordingly when the tender is being examined".
j) The tender must be signed on each and every page by a person (s) authorized to
do so.
Page 4 of 17
S E C T I O N I I I .
S P E C I A L CONDITIONS O F C O N T R A C T
The
following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General
Conditions of Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over
those in the General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is
indicated in parentheses.
1. DEFINITIONS (GCC C L A U S E 1)
1)
G C C 1.1 (g)
The Procuring agency
is:
Board
Education.
Karachi.
2)
G C C 1.1 (h)
The Procuring agency's
country is:
Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
3)
G C C 1.1 (j)
The Project Site is:
Same as GCC 1.1 (g) mentioned above.
2. COUNTRY OF ORIGIN (GCC CLAUSE 3)
All countries and territories as indicated in Part Two Section V I of the bidding documents.
''Eligibility for the Provisions of Goods, Works, and Services in Government-Financed
Procurement".
3. PERFORMANCE S E C U R I T Y (GCC CLAUSE 7)
The amount of performance security, as a percentage of the Contract
Price, shall be Ten (10) percent of the Contract Price which should
be submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of Secretary, Board
of Intermediate Education Karachi.
4. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (GCC CLAUSE 28)
The dispute resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to relevant SPPRA Rules.
5. GOVERNING LANGUAGE (GCC CLAUSE 29)
G C C 29.1
The Governing
English.
Language shall be:
6. NOTICES (GCC CLAUSE 31)
GCC 31.1 — Procuring agency's address for notice purposes:
Office of the Admin General Section, (Chairman's Secretariat), Ground Floor, Board of
Intermediate Education, Karachi.
Page 5 of 17
7. PENALTY
1) Preferred penalties according to the issue\subject may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) such as:
i.
rejection of the unsatisfactory Supplied material
ii.
Blacklisting of the firm
iii.
Liquidity Damages shall be applied as per SPPRA Rules.
iv.
forfeiting of whole Security amount
Anyone or more than one from the aforesaid penalties may be imposed upon the Supplier(s)
in the following cases:
a) In case of transgression/deviation of the time given in the Contract Award
b) In case of transgression, deviation, mistake or low quality found in the supplied
Item(s)
c) In case the specification, quantity, rate or stuff of a Tender in
-
:
approved and the Bjdder backs oi/t of f/'s co/n/rr/fimoaf 4* JK*
supply the material or complete the job in time or in the required criteria.
8.
SUBJECT TO R E L E V A N T SPPRA RULES,
T H E COMPETENT AUTHORITY R E S E R V E S THE RIGHT TO:
(a) divert/distribute a particular work among different Bidders on the lowest approved
rate(s) in the interest of the office due to demand of time/situation.
(b) accept or reject all or any bid.
(c) increase or decrease quantity without any notice at any time/stage subject to 1TB
Clause 29.
9.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Under following conditions bid will be rejected:-
Conditional and telegraphic bids/tenders
Bids not accompanied by Bid Security of required amount and form
Bids received after specified date and time
Bids of Blacklisted firms
Services are required in accordance with agreement from the date of letter of award.
Inspection: Nominated Inspection Committee will make inspection of Security
Services.
4)
All prices will include all costs of performing the works including labour, material
income tax, GST. Octori charges. Royalties & transportation etc. as mentioned in the
agreement.
5)
No subletting of all or any part of work will be allowed at any cost / reasons.
Page 6 of 17
I
7)
Services will be delivered at Board of Intermediate Education Karachi as awarded
work.
8)
The bidder with the "Lowest Evaluated Cost" but not necessarily the "Lowest
Submitted
Price"
shall
be
awarded
Procurement
Contract
subject
compatibility/suitability of the item(s).
9)
The bidder shall provide security services as per approved specifications mentioned
in the Contract Award. If the Guards and their services not found in conformity with
the approved specifications shall be rejected at the risk & cost of the bidder.
10)
The Contract Award may be assigned at any time during the period of bid validity.
11)
The successful bidder will have to deposit Performance Security @ 10% of the value of
Contract Award which is refundable after Ninety days of the satisfactory completion of the
Security Services.
12)
The amount of Performance Security is in addition to the amount of Bid Security
which should be deposited by the successful bidder(s). Bid Security shall remain
valid for a period of 28 days beyond the validity period for bids, whereas
Performance Security shall be released ninety days beyond the date of completion of
contract to cover defects liability period subject to final acceptance by the procuring
agency.
13)
Placement of Contract Award will be subject to payment of Performance Security.
14)
The services should be provided strictly in accordance with the approved schedule.
15)
SPPRA Rules-2010 (Amended 2019) shall strictly be followed.
Page 7 of 17
SECTION-IV.
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS:
The Services will have to be rendered at our site within stipulated time as
mentioned in the Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at least one month after
issuance of contract award which may be increased or decreased due to demand of
:ime/situation.
3age8ofl7
C O N T R A C T A G R E E M E N T
THIS A G R E E M E N T made the
day of
2019 between Board of
Intermediate Education, Karachi of the one part and M/s.
of the other part:
W H E R E A S the procuring agency invited bids for Security services, viz, and has
accepted a bid by the Security Company for Providing Security services in the sum of
Rs.
/= (Rupees
) @ Rs.
/= per month.
NOW T H I S A G R E E M E N T W I T N E S S E S A S F O L L O W S :
In this agreement words and expressions shall have the same meanings as are
respectively assigned to them in the conditions of contract referred to in the Advance
Acceptance Issued vide letter No.
, Dated
(Copy attached).
In consideration of the payments to be made by the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi
to the M/s.
as hereinafter mentioned in the Terms &
Conditions which is already signed by the bidder, the bidder hereby covenants with the
procuring agency to provide the Security services and to remedy defects therein in
conformity in all respect with the provisions of the Contract.
As bidder, I am completely satisfied & agreed with the award items and do not have any
grievances.
Whereas;
a) The Board is desirous of acquiring professional security services ("Services") for
a safe and secure working environment at its Office.
b) The Security Company is a reputable and well experienced concern in similar
industry and has the requisite expertise and adequate manpower to provide the
Services as required by the Board.
c) The Security Company represents and warrants that it is duly licensed and
authorized by the Government of Pakistan for carrying out the Services as
required by the Board.
Page 9 of 17
d) The Security Company has agreed to provide, and the Board has agreed to engage
the Security Company for, the Services in accordance with the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Now, therefore, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, it is hereby
agreed by and between the Parties as under:
1. Duration
This Agreement will become effective as of
, and will remain in effect for
a period of One (01) year extendable to three years with the mutual understanding of
both parties (the "Term") from the date when this agreement became effective or until
terminated.
Prior to the expiration of the Term, this Agreement may be extended or modified by
written mutual agreement between the Parties. When used in this Agreement, the
phrase " the Term" shall refer to the entire duration of the Agreement.
2. Services
The Security Company shall provide to the Board, trained security guards civilian
/Ex-Armed personnel who shall be able to perform security services in accordance
with best industry practice and to the entire satisfaction of the Board:
Personal Attributes of Security Guard:
A. The Security Company shall make sure that the suitable guard:
be trained, ex-servicemen, soldierly bearing, physically and also medically fit
(Category A)
have at least middle level school education and Supervisor must hold Secondary
School Certificate (SSC).
be aged between 25-45 years and supervisor must be between 40-55 years of age.
B. The Security Company should ensure that while deputing the security guards
preference should be given to those guards trained for firefighting / Civil
Defense and capable to handle the crowd as well as miscreant elements .
3.
Payments
a) Upon the satisfactory performance of Services under this Agreement, the
Security Company shall be paid in accordance with Annexure-A or as per
actual strength deployed by the Board.
b) The payment shall be made on monthly basis upon furnishing of an invoice by
the Security Company.
c) The payment shall be made by the Board within (15) days of the receipt of
invoice from the Security Company.
Page 10 of 17
d) Any payment made to the Security Company under this Agreement shall be
less any Government taxes which the Board is required under the law to
deduct.
4. Termination
(i)
Either Party may terminate this Agreement if the other Party fails to
remedy a breach of the terms and conditions of this Agreement within
thirty (30) days of a written notice to do so.
(ii)
The Board may terminate this Agreement if the Security Company fails to
provide the Services in accordance with this Agreement or to the entire
satisfaction of the Board.
(iii)
The Security Company may terminate this Agreement if the Board fails to
IN WITNESS whereof the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year
written above.
make payments in accordance with this Agreement.
Signed, sealed, delivered
by
(Secretary B.I.E.Karachi)
Page 11 of 17
DESCRIPTION OF WORKS
Security Guards shall be provided without gap for twenty four (24) hours per day and
seven (07) days per week at the Board of Intermediate Education Karachi premises.
For this purpose duty rosters of the supervisors / guards must be provided to the B I E K
Care Taker.
The Security Company is responsible to provide security, manpower, Ex-Army
Guards, Armed Guards, Un-Armed Guards and Supervisor as per following minimum
requirement / standards:-
SECURITY SUPERVISOR ON R E T I R E D JCOs JUNIOR COMMISSION
OFFICER OF ARMED FORCED TO B E EMPLOYED AS SUPERV1SOR:-
Age:
Maximum 40-50 years
Retirement:
Normal
Health:
Sound Health
E X - A R M E D GUARD
Maximum 45 years
Education:
Matric or Equivalent.
Experience:
Having experience of serving in field intelligence or Military Police
or Army Force.
Discipline:
No major disciplinary entry in the record of service.
SECURITY GUARDS
Maximum 45 years.
Matric or Equivalent
Security Company shall provide the details of Guards along with its past experience,
copy of CNIC, copy of Service Card and other required details / information, it
notified, one week prior to placement of Guard to the place of posting.
Security Company will ensure that the Security Guard is active, healthy and free from
any disease. Allowed age limit for placement of Security Guard having 30-50 years
duly trained will be preferred.
v.
Security Company will ensure that the Security Guard is well trained. The guards
must have atleast two year experience of any Security Company atleast fifteen
bullets/cartridges shall be available with each arm guard.
vi.
Schedule for posting of Security Guards shall be prepared with Care Take and issued
with the approval of the Secretary BIEK.
Page 12 of 17
vii.
Guards shall be on the pay roll of Security Company, preferably on the permanent
slot, otherwise, in case of contractual employment, minimum period should not less
than six months.
viii.
During the hiring of Security Guards the offer / appointment letter may be issued and
same would be sent to Care Taker B I E K for record.
ix.
Any change in placement of Security Guards shall be made with prior information
and approval of the Care Taker B I E / concerned officer.
x.
Security Company shall ensure the availability of adequate reserve guards.
xi.
Security Company shall ensure placement of Guards, strictly in accordance with
agreement, Terms and Conditions.
xii.
B I E K at its discretion can reduce / increase the number of guards, on agreed rate of
payment and on the same terms & conditions, on the request of relevant Incharges in
case of emergencies. However, the Incharge have to immediately inform the Care
Taker and Secretary BIEK. The verbal intimation would be duly followed by written
request mentioning therein the circumstances / reasons on next day.
xiii.
The Contractor will provide physically fit and sound in health armed guard, properly
uniform and ensure that each guard must have following documents:-
a. Attested photocopy of NADRA Computerized Card.
b. Original Service Card issued by the Security Company.
c.
Photocopy of license / certificate of weapon held by the guard.
d. Copy of Certified discharge work issued by Ex-Armed Forces. *
Without uniform, Lethargic, inefficient, over and below age guards will not be
accepted.
xiv.
Any taxes/duties already in place or levied by the Government, wage and /or salaries
fluctuation in market rates of equipment, materials, etc. during the currency of this
agreement shall be on the Security Company's account and no claims for such
increase shall be entertained by the BIEK.
xv.
B I E K will not be liable to make any extra payment if the Security Company is to
provide services in the event of any civil commotion, war, enemy action, hostilities,
act of God or any other circumstances etc.
xvi.
The Security Company will keep the B I E K free of any liability for the clause of
compensation, if any to any employee of the Security Company in case of their injury,
death etc.
xvii.
Any claims of injuries, loss of limb or life of labour and other workers engaged
/employed by the Security Company for operations under this agreement or work
connected directly or indirectly with the agreement shall be settled and paid by the
Security Company. B I E K shall in no way be responsible for any compensation in this
connection.
Page 13 of 17
Annexure - I
T E C H N I C A L EVALUATION C R I T E R I A FOR SHORT LISTING OF PRIVATE
SECURITY COMPANIES
A) Company Profile
Satisfactory Service Performed by Security Company
45 Marks
Up to 5 years (Certificate enclosed)
10
Up to 10 Years (Certificate enclosed)
15
Up to 15 Years (Certificate enclosed)
20
B) Status of N.O.C. Registered with the Home
Departments of Provinces / Ministry of Interior
for whole Pakistan Certificate attached.
Mandatory
C) Provide the detail of Ex-Army Personnel / Armed
Guards along with Weapons and Ammunition
Held by the Company with valid license.
40 Marks
i. Ex-Army Personnel (List to be attached)
ii. Armed Guards (List to be attached)
iii. Repeater (Nos 60 with valid Company License)
09
iv. Pistol 8mm (Nos 20 with copies of License)
06
Mandatory provision of (12) twelve bullets /
cartridges shall be available with each armed guard.
D) Financial Soundness / Status
10 Marks
The Applicants must have latest three
years Audited Financial Statements.
02
Bank Statement for latest one year
03
Credit worthiness undertaking showing the
capacity of bidder as Annexure-IIl.
05
An Affidavit that the firm is not blacklisted by any
Government / Semi-Government / Autonomous Body etc.,
and is not involved in any kind of insolvency litigation.
05 Marks
Note: The bidder is required to enclose the documents / information as mentioned in the
tender documents otherwise the offer shall not be considered.
Page 14 of 17
^0
Annexure-II
INTEGRITY PACT
Declaration of fees, commission and breakage etc payable by the suppliers of goods,
services, and works.
Security Company hereby declares that it has not obtained or induced the procurement of any
contract, right, interest, privilege or other obligation or benefit from Government of Pakistan or any
administrative subdivision or agency thereof or any other entity owned or controlled by it (Board of
Intermediate Education Karachi) through any corrupt business practice.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Security Company represents and warrants that it has
fully declared the brokerage, commission, fees etc. paid or payable to anyone and not given or agreed
to give and shall not give or agree to give anyone within or outside Pakistan either directly or
indirectly through any natural or juridical person, including its affiliate, agent, associate, broker,
consultant, director, promoter, shareholder, sponsor or subsidiary, any commission, gratification,
bribe, finder's fee or kickback, whether described as consultation fee or otherwise, with the object of
obtaining or including the procurement of contract, right, interest, privilege or other obligation or
benefit in whatsoever form from B I E K , except that which has been expressly declared pursuant
hereto.
Security Company certifies that it has made and will make full disclosure of all agreements with all
persons in respect of or related to the transaction with B I E K , and has not taken any action or will not
take any action to circumvent the above declaration, representation or warranty.
Security Company accepts full responsibility and strict liability for making any false declaration, not
making full disclosure, misrepresenting facts or taking any action likely to defeat the purpose of this
declaration, representation and warranty. It agrees that any contract, right, interest, privilege or other
obligation or benefit obtained or procured as aforesaid shall, without prejudice to any other right and
remedies available to B I E K , under any law, contract or instrument, be voidable at the option of B I E K .
Notwithstanding any rights and remedies may be exercised by B I E K , in this regard.
Security Company agrees to indemnify B I E K , for any loss or damage incurred by it on account of its
corrupt business practices and further pay compensation to B I E K in an amount equivalent to ten time
the sum of any commission, gratification, bribe, finder's fee or kickback given by (the Seller /
Supplier) as aforesaid for the purpose of obtaining or inducing the procurement of any contract, right,
interest, privilege or other obligation or benefit in whatsoever form from B I E K .
CNIC No.
on behalf of
M/S.
Page 15 of 17
Annexure-IH
UNDERTAKING
I /We hereby undertake and give assurance to Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi that
our Security Company
is financially sound to pay the salaries
of deputed security guards and other related expenses for two months, If payment is delayed
by BIEK due to unavoidable circumstances or bills are not verified by us in time as the case
may be.
C E O / Director
Page 16 of 17
S U M M A R Y O F T U R N - O V E R O F L A S T T H R E E Y E A R S
YEAR-2016
YEAR-2017
YEAR-2018
TOTAL:
C E R T I F I C A T E
I/We have carefully read & understood the Terms & Conditions whatever has been
stated
herein the
enclosed
pages and
abide
to the
same.
I/We guarantee to
supply/deliver/install the items exactly in accordance with the requirements and enclosed the
Bid Security payable to Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
SIGNATURE WITH DATE:
NAME OF FIRM:
ADDRESS OF FIRM:
F U L L NAME OF CONCERNED PERSON:
CNIC NUMBER:
POSITION HELD IN:
PHONE NUMBER(S):
MOBILE NUMBER(S):
FAX NUMBER(S):
NATIONAL T A X NUMBER:
GENERAL S A L E S T A X NUMBER:
STAMP OF T H E FIRM:
PAY ORDER NUMBER:
BANK & BRANCH NAME:
DATED:
FOR RUPEES:
DRAWN:
as Bid Security is enclosed herewith.
Page 17 of 17
Board of Intermediate Education
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad,
Karachi - 74700
99260205
99260214
99260207
99260219
Tender Document
for providing
S E C U R I T Y S E R V I C E S
for the
Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi
BIEK/AG/I ,& N/4Q6/701 o
V O L U M E - I I
F I N A N C I A L P R O P O S A L
Pagel
Summary of Contents
Sr.
No.
Description
Page
1
Title
2
3
Form of Bid
3 - 4
4
Financial Proposal
5
Tender Document - Security Services (Financial Proposal)
Page 2
The Secretary (Acting).
Bakhtiari Youth Centre,
North Nazimabad,
Karachi-74700.
Sub: Providing Security Services for the Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
Dear Sir,
1. Having examined the Tender Documents and the site conditions for the above
mentioned Project, we, the undersigned offer to Supply, Installation, Testing,
Commissioning and maintenance (during maintenance period) of the whole of the
said works in conformity with the said tender Documents (and Addendum if any)
for the sum of under-mentioned amount on DDP basis:
Bid Price (in figures)
Bid Price (in words) :-
2. The above total sum is based on the quantities shown in the Bill of Quantities and
other works as mentioned in Salient Features.
3. We undertake, if our tender is accepted, to sign an agreement within fourteen (14)
calendar days following receipt of letter of award in the form laid out in annexure
to this Tender with such alterations and additions thereto as may be required to
adopt, such Agreement to circumstances of this Tender.
4. We undertake, if our Tender is accepted, to mobilize on-site within Ten (10)
calendar days of receipt of the letter of award and commence the works on the first
works comprised in the contract within the time of completion specified in the
Salient Features.
5. We agree to abide by the Tender for a period of Ninety (90) calendar days from the
date of opening of tender and shall remain binding upon us and may be accepted at
any time before the expiration of that period.
6. Unless and until a formal Agreement is prepared and executed, this Tender
together with your written acceptance thereof and other relevant correspondence
subsequent to the Tender shall constitute a binding Contract between us.
7. We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any tender you may
receive, and that you will not reimburse any expenses incurred by us in preparing
and submitting the Tender or otherwise in connection with the Tender.
8. As a guarantee for the performance of the undertakings and obligations of this
Tender, we submit herewith 3% Earnest Money/ Bid Security in shape of Pay
Page 3
Order issued by the
;
(name of Bank)
vide No.
dated
made in favor of "Secretary, Board of
Intermediate Education. Karachi" and made payable to you without any reference
to us and valid for 120 calendar days from the date of submission of Tender.
9. The Tender Documents referred to above constitute a part of this Tender and
comprise of the documents listed hereunder:
a) Instructions to bidders.
b) Salient Features / Terms & Condition of the Tender.
c) Evaluation Criteria.
d) Form of Agreement.
e) Scope of work / Schedule of Requirements.
f) The Addendum (if any).
g) The Drawings (if any).
Signature:
in the capacity of
duly authorized to sign bids for and on behalf of
(Name of Bidder in Block Capitals)
Address
Witness:
(Signature)
Name:
Address:
Occupation
Page 4
FINANCIAL PROPOSAL PRICE SCHEDULE
s#
PARTICULARS
S E R V I C E C H A R G E S FOR
EACH SERUCITY GUARD
/ EQUIPMENT V E H I C L E S
REQUIRED
QUANTITY
TOTAL Y E A R L Y
C H A R G E S
1.
2.
4.
5.
Supervisor
(Ex Armed Forces)
For 12 Hrs.
(Civilian)
Security Guard (Armed)
Security Guard (Ex-Armed)
25
GRAND TOTAL (PAK RS.)
S I G N E D & S T A M P E D
B Y T H E A U T H O R I Z E D P E R S O N
Note:
Weapon
must be 9mm, MP5, .22 for Armed
Guard we do not need 12 bore
Rifles.
Armed
Guard
must be with all PRE for safety.
Page 5
CERTIFICATE
We guarantee to provide the requisite service exactly in accordance with the
requirements / specification in the invitation to this tender.
We accept the terms and conditions of the contract as well as general provision
applicable to Government contracts.
_ _ _ _
C.N.I.C
Designation:
Company Name:
Contact No:
E-mail Address:
Bid Security (Pay Order/Demand Draft) shall be attached in original.
The Strength / Nomenclature of the said staff can be increased / decreased as per
requirements.
Position:
Computerized NIC No:
Page 6
