SBD 
                for the Procurement-Enrolment-Examinatioin System  
                (06-02-2025)
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2024-2025/Procurement-Enrolment-Examinatioin%20System%2006-02-2025/BIDDING%20DOCUMENTS.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE
EDUCATION KARACHI
STANDARD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
FOR
NATIONAL COMPETITIVE BIDDING
SINGLE STAGE
TWO ENVELOPES PROCEDURE
PROCUREMENT OF
ENROLMENT, EXAMINATION,
CERTIFICATION SYSTEM
SOFTWARE SUPPORT WITH
INTEGRATION &
DEVELOPMENT OF OTHER
MODULES
IN RESPECT OF THE
BIE/AG/L&N/1301/2025
Dated: 22/01/2025
VOLUME-I
wR TECHNICAL PROPOSAL
Board of Intermediate Education Phones: 99260211
Balchtlari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, 99260212
Karachi - 74700 99260213
NO.BIE/AG /L&N//3e //2025 Dated: 2.2.-01-2025
Board's Website EPADS Website
www, blek.edu.pi. www.portalsindh.eprocure.gov, pk/#/
NOTICE INVITING TENDERS.
Bids invited through E-Pak Acquisition and Disposal System (EPADS) from reputed / established
firms / suppliers / contractors, registered with concerned Tax authorities for supply of following:
Cost of
Bidding
Document
Tender Title
Date for
Issuance of | 2¢2dline for } Opening of | Method of Bid
documents | Suomission Bid Procurement | Security
NCB Single
Stage Two
Envelopes
Examinations,
Enrolment,
Certification
System Software | Rs.2,000/=
Support with
19.02.2025
at 0230 PM
at 03:00 PM
05.02.2025
Development of
Other Modules
The interest bidders can obtain bidding documents containing terms & conditions, can be
downloaded from https://portalsindh.eprocure.gov.pk/#/ or www.biek.edu.pk and the Tender Documents
fee @Rs.2,000/= (Non-refundable) must be submitted in shape of pay order in favor of Secretary, Board
of Intermediate Education, Karachi on any working day as per schedule mentioned above before online
submission deadline of bid on EPADS.
The preparation of bids must in accordance with the instructions in the bidding documents, and the
bids must be submitted on EPADS on or before submission deadline as per schedule mentioned above.
Bids should be submitted electronically through EPADS and original Bids must be submitted in
Procurement Wing, Administration General Section, Old Building, Ist Floor, Room No.31 before ontine
submission deadline of the Bids. Only those bid will be entertained which 1s already submitted on EPADS.
Allinterest bidders must register themselves At EPADS at:
bttps://sindb.eprocure,gov.pk/#/supplier/registration
In case of unexpected announcement of holiday, unforeseen situation, climate changing & disaster
in city, the tender will be opened on next working day on the same venue & time as mentioned above.
Bid Security in shape of pay order in favor of the Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education
Karachi must be submitted in Procurement Wing, Administration General Section, Old Building, 1 Floor,
Room No.31 before online submission deadline of the Bids
“The Procuring Agency may reject all or any bid subject to the relevant provision of SPPRA rules”.
YN
e a (PROF, AMEERVAUSSAIN GADRI)
N SECRETARY
1|Page
@ BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
web: www.biek.edu.pk , Ph: 99260205, 99260214-19
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS &
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT:
The Instructions to Bidders (ITB) and General Conditions of Contract (GCC) applied in
this Contract shall be the same as per Standard Bidding Documents for Goods, issued by
SPPRA. For further references the same may be downloaded from SPPRA’s website
www. pprasindh.gov.pk or it may be provided from this Office if it may be demanded by the
bidder. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions hereafter shall prevail over those in the
Instructions to Bidders & General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number
of the ITB & GCC is indicated in parentheses
SECTION - I
BID DATA SHEET
INTRODUCTION
ITB 1.1 Name of Contract Procurement Of Enrolment, Examination,
Certification System Software Support
With Integration & Development Of
ITB 4.1 Name of Procuring Agency Board of intermediate Education,
Karachi
ITB 6.1 Procuring Agency's Address, Board of Intermediate Education,
Telephone, Telex and Facsimile Bakhtiyari Youth Center North Nazimabad
Numbers Tel: 99260211, 99260212,
99260213
Fax: 99260203 & 99260208
1TB 8.1 Language of the Bid English or Urdu
BID PRICE AND CURRENCY
17B 11.2 The price shall be in Pakistani currency inclusive of all Taxes, Transportation,
and Material and Labour charges involved therein.
ITB 11.5 During the entire period of bid validity, the price shall be fixed and the
bidder will have to supply the required items as per specifications and
quoted rates.
PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
ITB 13.3 (d) | Qualification °03 years’ experience executing the similar
Requirements job/assignment having similar cost in one or more
Educational Boards, Universities or any reputed
Examination conducting authority as well as
Government Departments.
Turn-over of at least last three years having a sum of
minimum Rs.10 Million in last 03 years (Copies of
financial statements / Audit Report be attached.
© Registration with Federal Board of Revenue (FBR), for
Income Tax and Sales Tax in case of procurement of
goods.
Lal
2|Page
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
* Satisfactory Completion Certificates from 3 reputed
clients of recent assignments /jobs of similar work.
« Submission of catalog along with bidding documents is
mandatory bids submitted without catalog shall be
treated as “Non-Responsive”.
© An affidavit on stamp paper that the firm has never
been blacklisted
ITB 15.1 ‘Amount of Bid 3% (Three percent) of the bid price, which should be
Security submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of
(Refundable) Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education Karachi and
shall remain valid for a period of 28 days beyond the
validity period for bid.
ITB 16.1 Bid Validity Period | 90 days from the date of opening of Tender.
1TB 18.2 (a) | Address for Bid The office of the (Procurement Wing), Administration
Submission General Section, Old Building, 1° Floor, Room No.31,
Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
ITB 18.2 (b) | IFB Title and Title: Procurement Of Enrolment, Examination,
Number Certification System Software Support With Integration
& Development Of Other Modules
IFB No: BIE/AG/L&N/1301/2025 DATED 22-01-2025
ITB 19.4 Deadline for Bid 025 at 2:30 PM Sealed bids duly filled-in,
Submission mentioning on top of the envelope “Procurement Of
Enrolment, Examination, Certification System
Software Support With Integration & Development Of
Other Modules”
ITB 22.1 Time, Date and Bids duly stamped on each document must be
Place for Bid submitted in the office of the (Procurement Wing)
Opening ‘Administration General Section Old Building, 1* Floor,
Room No.31, Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi,
in a sealed cover on 19-02-2025 up to 02:30 P.M and
will be opened on the same day at 03:00 P.M in the
presence of bidders’ representatives who wish to
attend.
1TB 25.4(b) | Delivery Schedule | The delivery will have to be made at our site within
stipulated time as mentioned in the Contract Award.
Minimum time period will be at least 90 Days after
issuance of contract award which may be increased or
decreased due to demand of time/situation as per
SPPRA Rules.
3|Page
SECTION - II
BID EVALUATION CRITERIA
Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria and
enclose Bid Security.
Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-
submission of Bid Security shall be rejected.
Bids of those bidders treated Non Responsive who fail to submit the Catalog of
required items at the time of opening of bids.
Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information from the
office of Procurement Wing, Administration General Section, Old Building, 1* Floor,
Room No.31 and completely satisfy themselves about the required items for which
they are bidding for.
‘An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for
clarification of contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency
shall respond to such queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they
are received at least five calendar days prior to the date of opening of bid.
The bidders shall submit only one rate for each item. Dual rates or alternate bid is
strictly restricted/prohibited. In case a bidder has quoted more than one rate for a
single item, its bid shall be rejected.
The specification offered by the bidder(s) may vary from the required items because
the requirements are mentioned on the basis of transitory survey, in such case(s) the
Procurement Committee shall decide and recommend the offer(s) that may be
suitable for procuring agency.
Demonstration of Software and/or Hardware may be made within the premises of
Board for which supplier shall be liable to bring the same for the said purpose.
The software firm may be selected according to their experience, projects, and
expertise on same domain purely on technical backgrounds.
The offered products should be prime quality products. Cheap products of low
quality or substandard shall not be accepted and the said bid shall be treated as
Irresponsive.
Inferior, low quality or substandard products / services will be rejected and Security
Money shall be forfeited and the bidder may also be blacklisted.
Reference to brand name, catalogue number or country where used, they should
always be read with followed by the words “or at least equivalent”.
The bidder with the “Lowest Submitted Price” shall be liable to provide
specimen/sample of items, if deem necessary, failing which the bid will not be
evaluated and shall be rejected.
The specimen/sample of items as supplied by the bidders of “Lowest Submitted
Price”, should must be strictly in accordance with the approved specifications,
4|Page
requirement and/or the specimen/sample shown by the procuring agency failing
which the bid will not be evaluated and shall be rejected.
© The bidder(s) shall be liable to provide documentary evidence, especially for branded |
products like Dell, HP, Ricoh, Nashuatec etc., in shape of “Manufacturer's Certificate
or Authorized Distributor Certificate” in case a Bidder is offering to supply goods
under the contract which the Bidder did not manufacture or otherwise produce,
© Ifabid is found “Lowest Submitted Price” but the specimen/samples provided by the
said bidder are found inferior, low quality, substandard products, not up to the
requirement or fails to provide “Manufacturer's Certificate or Authorized Distributor
Certificate” (where required), in such case, the said bid shall not be evaluated and
may be rejected.
© The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest
Submitted Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract preferably on quality
cum rate basis.
Incase of intangible products like services or software, so bidder would be qualified
according to technical criteria according to their submitted required documents.
SECTION - III
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
The following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General
Conditions of Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over
those in the General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is
indicated in parentheses.
1, DEFINITIONS (GCC CLAUSE 1)
1) [GcC4.1(g) | The Procuring agency is:_| Board of intermediate Education, Karachi.
2) [GCC 1.4 (h) |The Procuring agency's _| Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
country is:
3) [G@cc1.1(j) | The Project Site is: Same as GCC 1.1(g) mentioned above.
2. COUNTRY OF ORIGIN (GCC CLAUSE 3)
All countries and territories as indicated in Part Two Section VI of the bidding documents, “Eligibility
for the Provisions of Goods, Works, and Services in Government-Financed Procurement”
3. PERFORMANCE SECURITY (GCC CLAUSE 7)
1) [ecc7.4 The amount of performance security, as a percentage of the Contract
Price, shall be Ten (10) percent of the Contract Price which should be
submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of Secretary, Board of
Intermediate Education Karachi.
4, RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (GCC CLAUSE 28)
The dispute resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to relevant SPPRA Rules.
5. GOVERNING LANGUAGE (GCC CLAUSE 29)
14
GCC29.1 _| The Governing English.
Language shall be:
6. NOTICES (GCC CLAUSE 31)
GCC 31.1 — procuring agency's address for notice purposes:
Office of the Procurement Wing, Administration General Section, (Chairman’s Secretariat
Ground Floor), Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
7. PENALTY
1) Preferred penalties according to the issue\subject may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) such as:
i. rejection of the unsatisfactory Supplied material
ii. Blacklisting of the firm
ili. Liquidity damages shall be imposed as per SPPRA Rules.
iv. forfeiting of whole Security amount
Anyone or more than one from the aforesaid penalties may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) in the following cases:
a) In case of transgression/deviation of the time given in the Contract Award.
7 y
6|Page
b) In case of transgression, deviation, mistake or low quality found in the supplied
Item(s)
c) In case the specification, quantity, rate or stuff of a Tender in certain item or items
are approved and the Bidder backs out of his commitment on any pretext or fails to
supply the material or complete the job in time or in the required criteria.
8. SUBJECT TO RELEVANT SPPRA RULES,
THE COMPETENT AUTHORITY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO:
(a) Divert/distribute a particular work among different Bidders on the lowest approved
rate(s) in the interest of the office due to demand of time/situation.
(b) Accept or reject all or any bid.
(c) Increase or decrease quantity without any notice at any time/stage subject to ITB
Clause 29.
9. SPECIAL CLAUSE (TERMS & CONDITIONS)
a) Under following conditions bid will be rejected:-
|. Conditional and telegraphic bids/tenders
Il. Bids not accompanied by Bid Security of required amount and form
lll Bids received after specified date and time
IV. _ Bids of Blacklisted firms
2) _ Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria and
3) Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-
4) Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and
completely satisfy themselves about the required items for which they are bidding
for.
5) An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for
6) The offered products should be prime quality products. Cheap products of low
7) Inferior, low quality or substandard products will be rejected and Security Money
shall be forfeited and the bidder may also be blacklisted.
8) The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest
Submitted Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract subject to
compatibility/suitability of the item(s).
9) The bidder shall supply the article(s) as per approved specifications mentioned in the
Contract Award. The article(s) not found in conformity with the approved
specifications shall be rejected at the risk & cost of the bidder.
7
7|Page
10)
11)
12)
13)
14)
15)
16)
18)
17)
web; www.biek.edu.pk , Ph: 99260205, 99260214-19
The Contract Award may be assigned at any time during the period of bid validity.
Performance Security:
GCC 3.1 The amount of Performance security is 10% of the Contract Price.
GCC 3.2 After delivery and acceptance of the Goods, the performance security
shall be released as per SPPRA Rules.
The amount of Performance Security is in addition to the amount of Bid Security
which should be deposited by the successful bidder(s). Bid Security shall remain valid
for a period of 28 days beyond the validity period for bids, whereas Performance
Security shall be released ninety days beyond the date of completion of contract to
cover defects liability period subject to final acceptance by the procuring agency in
accordance with SPPRA Rules.
Placement of Contract Award will be subject to payment of Performance Security.
The material shall be delivered to Storekeeper/ Concerned Section Head, through
the concerned Officers as the case may be, against delivery challan in triplicate. Two
copies of the bills and challan shall be retained by the Storekeeper while the third
copy shall be returned to the supplier for his own record.
The items should be supplied strictly in accordance with the approved specification.
The delivery will have to be made at our site within stipulated time as mentioned in
the Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at least NINETY (90) DAYS after
issuance of contract award which may be increased or decreased due to demand of
time/situation.
The Payment shall be subject to deduction of Income / Sales Tax at source,
satisfactory report of concerned officer, completion certificate and production of
delivery challans as being delivered the stores in full quantity & quality.
SPPRA Rules-2010 (Amended) shall strictly be followed.
10. EQUIVALENCY OF STANDARDS AND CODES
Reference to brand name, catalogue number or country where used, they should always be
read with followed by the words “or at least equivalent.”
|
Nips
8|Page
SECTION - IV
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS:
The delivery will have to be made at our site within stipulated time as mentioned in the
Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at least 90 days after issuance of contract
award which may be increased or decreased due to demand of time/situation.
MODE OF PAYMEMT
The currency of payment shall be Pak. Rupees.
The Supplier's request(s) for payment shall be made to the Board in writing, accompanied
by an invoice describing, as appropriate, the Goods delivered and Services performed, and
by documents submitted, and upon fulfillment of other obligations stipulated in the
Contract.
Payment shall be made 100% of the Contract Price on complete delivery of awarded items
to Store(s) within Ninety (90) days on submission of claim supported by Acceptance
Certificate from the Authorized Officers of the Board declaring Goods have been delivered
and that all contracted services have been performed.
Part payment on part supply may be allowed only in case when permitted/approved by the
Chairman BIE, Karachi.
9|Page
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
PROCUREMENT OF ENROLMENT, EXAMINATION,
CERTIFICATION SYSTEM SOFTWARE SUPPORT WITH
INTEGRATION & DEVELOPMENT OF OTHER MODULES
ITEM NO. 1
Procurement of Software firm with relevant and proven experience to support of existing
Enrolment, Examination, and Certification System of any Public or Private Board or
University. The Software Firm must have sound expertise to deal with following software
environment:
DATABASE
(a) Oracle Database (11g and higher)
(b) Relational Database Concepts
(c) Database Architecture, Administration, backup/ recovery & Tuning
(d) Client Server Architecture
(e) Expertise in handling PL/SQL and Packages, Procedure, Views, User Defined Types
(e.g. Object Types), and other related objects and structures.
(f) Expertise of database performance monitoring and optimization
MICROSOFT DOT NET FRAMEWORK:
a) MS Dot Net Framework based Applications
b) Desktop Application with Win Forms
c) Web Application with ASP.Net Web Forms, ASP.Net MVC
d) Programming languages: C#, VB.Net, Html, CSS, JavaScript
e) .Net Report Designer/Viewer for Desktop and Web Applications
f) Multi-User and Multi-Session Environment
g) Able to access anywhere via secure user ID
h) Maintain more than one sessions
i) Audit Trail
j) Application Logs
k) Optimization of application performance
10|Page
ITEM NO. 2
VENDOR MAY _ QUOTE WITH RESIDENT ENGINEERS AND SOFTWARE
DEVELOPERS FOR THE BELOW REQUIREMENTS
Procurement of Firm with relevant and proven experience that can provide two resident
software developers and one infrastructure engineer under its supervision in order to
provide the following services:
Services to transform old System into the latest technologies.
Services to migrate the oracle database version from 11g to the Oracle 22c or 23ai.
Services to develop Queue Management & Ticket Management System Software and
integrate with machine as well the existing system to maintain the logs and tracking.
> Services to develop new modules/software in order to enhance the capability and
capacity of the system.
Web API Interface for Verification
Web API Interface for Examination Forms Submission
Web API Interface for Enrollment Cancellation
Web API Interface for IBCC Verification Online Services
Services to develop different modules according to the BIEK future requirements
vVvv
vvvvyv
SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS TEAM — QTY -02
Capable to understand the existing architecture of software
Capable to devise and update the Software documents
Hands on Experience of coding with Latest web, mobile and desktop technologies on
Microsoft platform.
Capable to work on advanced Oracle PL/SQL technology.
Capable to work on Crystal Reports and able to integrate with the system
Hands on Experience on the large scale applications
Capable to hand large database and its load
Capable to develop WEB APIs.
vVvvvy
INFRASTRUCTURE TEAM — QTY -1.
Expertise to maintain the data center and its Standards
Expertise to maintain the infrastructure related to server and network
administration
Hand-on Experience on Server Administration on Windows platform
Sound knowledge of Server Virtualizations
Hands-On Experience on Server Migration, Clustering, Replication, administration,
virtualization with real time backups
Able to manage the update the Disaster Recovery Site.
Hand-on Experience with latest software of backups and restoration process
Expertise on Oracle Database Backup and restoration
Able to know about the DevOps and its deployment
Capable to manage and trouble shoot the Existing and new computer networks:
ye 11|Page
vv
vVvvV
Sound knowledge of Windows Shell Scripts and Infrastructure management scripts
Hands on Experience on Natting, Sub Netting, Super Netting, VPN and V-LANs
Management through System and routers
Capable to configure, manage and update the Existing SAN (Storage Area Network)
and MSA (Media Storage Array) |
Knowledge of Network Security, Scheming and heterogeneous networks
Hands-on Experience on Firewalls of Cisco, Microtech or Etc.
Va ENG
IMPORTANT NOTE: The Firm who shall bid on Items # 2, they must have to provide the
services of Item # 1 as well.
ELIGIBILITY/QUALIFICATION CRITERIA DETAIL
(MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS)
Note:
1, Each and every section i.e. Technical, Financial and below mentioned sections should
be separated by a colored page separator in the bidder's file with the title of the
section mentioned on the page.
2. Bidders are required to attach valid certificate(s) and documentary evidences from
concerned regulatory body / authority for all the below requirements.
3. All the Equipment’s / Devices / Appliances / Components / Sub-Components/
Services should be provided with all related and required accessories with proper
installation, configuration, deployment, testing and commissioning of the same as
per needed and as per required.
4. All the work / services should be done on as per actual, as needed and on as
required basis i.e. software development cabling, placement, deployment,
installation, configuration and functioning of the same.
5. Availability of hardware resources in all respect.
6. Resources should be certified in proposed solution.
12|Page
GD BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
Si# | Documents Required
Registration of National Tax Number (NTN) of the Company with
Federal Board of Revenue (FBR)
Registration of General Sales Tax (GST) with Federal Board of
Revenue (FBR).
3._| Valid registration of the company with Sindh Revenue Board (SRB).
Affidavit that firm is not Blacklisted and involved in any active
litigation in Pakistan.
13|Page
% SECTION 4 ae
COMPANY / OEM PROFILE
Evaluation Criteria __| Documentary Evidence Required Marks ,
8 Years or more = 100
Marks
Company Profile / documentary Z sone GIT 2)
Years of Establishment | evidence / proof should be aT oes Maris
of bidders firm attached in the Technical bid for | M@* Marks =100 | 5 _7 vears = 50 Marks
gee
ussiibeteD: 3-5 Years = 30 Marks
Less than 3 Years = 0 Marks
magna 3-4 Letter Provided: 100
development company Marks
work in any Letters Required Max Marks = 100 | 1-2 Letter Provided: 50
Government/Board or -
. Letter Not provided: 0
Public Sector/ MNCs Marks
The Software 3 Project or more: 100
development company ans
should have the
capability on Oracle / | Letters Required Max Marks = 100
ASP.NET and show 2 Project: SOMarks
their deployed
projects Zero Projects: 0 Marks
Total: 300 | Marks Obtained:
SECTION 2
FINANCIAL CAPABILITY
Evaluation Criteria | Docurnentary Evidence Required Marks
- i Audited Annual Financial 10 Million = 100 Marks
erage annua ee .
E Statement with single page Max Marks = ——
ae ae firm | consolidated report showing the | 100 eons Sas
OF the ast 3 VAIS, last 3 years turn over 5 Million = 50 Marks
Total: 100 | Marks Obtained:
14|Page
- web: www.biek.edu.pk , Ph: 99260205, 99260214-19
SECTIONS ;
SPECIALIZATION / CORE EXPERTISE IN SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Si | Evaluation Criteria__| Documentary Evidence Required Marks :
f 8 or above= 100 Marks
Software Engineers
(Professional Level)
1 | with at least 8 years of | Team profile required Max Marks = 100
experience in the
relevant field
4 to 7 =50 Marks
2 to 3 =25 Marks
1 Project = 10 Marks
The number of
Software are List of deployed Projects in — agp | If 10 Projects then = 100
2’ | Developed and Pakistan with customer details, | M'@xMarks=100 | vary,
deployed in Pakistan. 50 Project
Max Marks = 100 for more
than 10 Projects
The Bidder must have experience
for the development and 1 or more projects = 100
Experience in the deployment of any Examination
3 | similar work in Public | and Enrollment system at any | Max Marks = 100
& Private Sector Government Universities / Board A
in all over the Pakistan (Provide No projects = 0
document)
TOTAL MARKS 300 Marks Obtained:
FULL MARKS 700 Marks Obtained:
* Minimum marks required for qualification = 70%
* Technical Committee evaluation weightage = 30%
wr
15|Page
Board of Intermediate Education
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Karachi - 74700
Phone: 99260211, 99260212, 99260213
NwDIDAGILRNTL NOU:
Dated: 22.01-203
Evans
Vids invited throw
| Disposal System (EADS) from reputed / establehed firms / suppliers /]"
comeactors registered wilt en
ivr supply of tollawing
ms or Ieuance
Opelng
fh dacumente
Nd
nivahion. Paraliment |
sttvare Support With]
nto! Other Moditey
502 2038
‘st ‘Tw a
Enveliges
Hh anterest bers ean
Ualsiuth,cpracure goviph/2Lor wow
pk and the Tender Dow
of Intermediate Edveatton, Ka
iments, and the bidy must be subynutted|
wld be submitted elccteunically thrauyl EADS
al Section, Old Uutlding, 151 Floor, Room Na. before
entertained alich tsalceady submited on EPADS,
ing, Administration
adil
PADS at
steal,
tu Holiday, untorescen situation, climate clanging & dtssster sn aly, the tender will be
me as meutioned above
aty in shape of pay onder in vor of the Secretary, Hoard of fntermediate Educat
.-Admnitration General Section, OM Hullding, Ist Floor, Room No.¥E before online su
Karach| must be submitted fn
on deadline of the Bids
errant pono of SOPRA rues,
(PROF, AM EER HUSSAIN QADRD
SECRETARY
INTAKRY209/25,
16|Pag
RoR CEE PRESET ERT TITRE
EPS SL aint Melos pan slay SJ) ny
BAS ly cd ael EADS) 2 day el da
fea hp ed Oo aad ee
Mantebied rl BF | a3] Wala] ste al
Sa si
SS | oad
furee=} 3:00
slot]
ts Ss Sh Jose a lag hes
3 wr bleed pk tp //pontt
elyal ode 2000 3 MS tg BymBy Sah
oka aoroonlintie ng umn gears]
Fale Sb PEAS re ASsadte pe puri IS
eB tem pith eudgcl ptt
Sg yaa yt gle calle pollo Shyla oly
LN euby rl yp billers Said gt gEPADS
22 eo eee a ADS Sl areh Eon yeid
BIN pee dae tata Sip tetany 2 Sly dole oS |
BWeuby sh yalort) inated Si
SI a se lsat patron ager SIS)
lee gePAOS
NUDE 2 EPADS VS ash Sy $2055 oma spe
2s lot sind epocur gor. phy cupola sation
lyse
Ung gids Pm de BM dane hot
Pe phe potsh lyst a8 39st pare
as UF ee
Stee AOD art ptm nrg ears yr al yt fare Sly
SiN toed il ornna yee ean!
Sol ad yl yr vtblandl peSh 2B mpg sen
PAB oer!
peabebes rat dal ye badd yt ud yan Sans
Py sb bm les
(5215 cam seral juts 2)
Bry Suw
INF/RRY te 269/2025:
| EER
17|Page
Board o: edi: i 99260211
intermediate Education Phones: @ 99260212
Balthtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, 2
Karachl-74700 sara
No. BIE/AG/LEN/Z¢74/2024 Dated_/6-4- 2624
ORDER
CONSTITUTION OF PROCUREMENT COMMITTEE |
FOR IT RELATED ITEMS
With the approval of competent authority, a “Committee for I,T Related Procurement”
comprising of the following is hereby constituted in compliance of SPPRA Rule-7, to invite,
evaluate and finalize the bids for Procurement of |,T related Good & Services for BIE,
Karachi and recommend the successful bidder / firm to the competent authority for award
of contract:
1, Mr. Muhammad Shaheer Wagar, Convener AY
LT Manager/Oeputy Controller of Examination,
BIE, Karachi
. Mr. Arif Hussain Jalbani, ene ee
2
Assistant Programmer, aad
BIE, Karacht Ne
3. Mr. Farhan Iftikhar, Member! rl
Assistant Secretary,
BIE, Karachi.
4, Syed Mansoor Ahmed, Member Le
Assistant, |.T Manager,
Sindh Board of Technical Education,
5. Najaf Ali Mughni Member
System Administrator,
Abbasi Shaheed Hospital,
1) Preparing and/or reviewing bidding documents.
2) Carrying out technical as well as financial evaluation of the bids.
3) Preparing evaluation report as provided in SPPRA rule 45.
4) Making recommendations for the award of contract to the competent authority.
5) Perform any other function ancillary and incidental to the above,
a
(SHUJAAT HASHMI)
SECRETARY (ACTING)
18|Page
i
z F 99260211
Board of Intermediate Education — p,5,95, of 99260212
Balchtiarl Youth Center, North Nazimabad, 99260213
Karachi - 74700 Way
No, BIE/AG/LE&N//o 55/2024 Dated: ,25=(
NOTIFICATLON
In pursuance of Rule-31 of Sindh Sublic Procurement Rules 2010, with the approval of
the competent auihority, ¢ “COMPLAINT REORESSAL COMMITTEE’, comprising the
fallowing, is hereby conslituled to address the complaint of bidders thal may occur during
the procurement proceedings
f ]
MUHAMMAD KASHIF SIDRIQUE |
| 91 | Dwector Public Relation & Information (GFS-19) Caos
02 | Representative af the Account General Sind ‘Member
= ‘TAn independent professional from the relevant Held |
ng | concerning n question, to be hiete
| 93 | nominated Boart of Intermediate Member
Educati =
Terms.of Reference:
On receipt a compla nt from an aggrieved bidder may, satisfied
« Prohibt the Procurement Committee trom acting of deciding in @ manner,
heans stent with SPPRA rules and regulalicrs:
ole OF nN parl, any Unautherized act or decision of the Procurement
© Annul in «
Committee:
ment Commiltze ar substitute its own decision
* Reverse any decision cl the Prac
for suc? a decision
* May ass ig pravice any record retevant the complainl or hiding. +
+ Shall announce ts decision will seven days reczipt af 8 complaint.,
Coosa
(HAROON RASHID)
SECRETARY (OFFICIATING)
19|Page
STANDALD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
Dated: 22-01-2025
VOLUME-II
(i
pe PROPOSAL
K f\
: » BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
Date:
ICB NO.:
Invitation for Bid No.:
Alternative No.:
The Deputy Secretary (Administration General)
Board of Intermediate Education,
North Nazimabad,
We, the undersigned, declare that:
We have examined and have no reservations to the Bidding Document, including Addenda
No.: ;
(a) We offer to supply in conformity with the Bidding Document and in accordance with
the delivery schedule specified in the Schedule of Supply, the Goods and Related
Services.
(b) The total price of our Bid, excluding any discounts offered in item (d) below is:
Rs. (Rupees,
(c) The discounts offered and the methodology for their application are:
(d) Our Bid shall be valid for a period of 90 days from the date fixed for the bid
submission deadline in accordance with the Bidding Document, and it shall remain
binding upon us and may be accepted at any time before the expiration of that
period;
(e) If our Bid is accepted, we commit to obtain a Performance Security @ 10% of the
Contract Price for the due performance of the Contract;
(f) Our firm, including any subcontractors or suppliers for any part of the Contract, have
nationalities from these eligible countries; 5 ;
(e) We are not participating, as Bidders, in more than one Bid in this bidding process,
other than alternative offers in accordance with the Bidding Documents;
(h) Our firm, its affiliates or subsidiaries, including any subcontractors or suppliers for
any part of the contract, has not been declared ineligible by the Government;
wf
(i)
(k)
(!)
(m)
Date
web: www.biek.edu.pk, Ph: 99260205, 99260214-19
The following commissions, or fees have been paid or are to be paid with respect to
the bidding process or execution of the Contract:
Name of Receipt Address Reason Amount
(If none has been paid or is to be paid, indicate “none.”)
We understand that this Bid, together with your written acceptance thereof included
in your notification of award, shall constitute a binding contract between us, until a
formal Contract is prepared and executed.
We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest evaluated bid or any
other bid that you may receive.
Name.
In the capacity of.
Signed
Duly authorized to sign the security for and on behalf of.
FINANCIAL PROPOSAL
PROCUREMENT OF ENROLMENT,
EXAMINATION, CERTIFICATION SYSTEM
DEVELOPMENT OF OTHER MODULES
ITEM NO: Cost Per Month Rs.
ITEM NO: 2 Cost Per Month Rs.
‘As mentioned above that if you are applying for item No: 2 then then Item
NOTE: a
No: 1 requirements must be covered
The contract length is required for one year and will be increase to further
Contract Length years up to next three years subject to the requirements and performance
of the Contractor / Software Firm.
Rupees In Words
Rupees In Figures
Total cost of the Bid:
(as offered by the Bidder)
3% (Three percent) amount
of the Bid Price
Bid Security (Refundable)
10% (ten percent) amount
of the Contract Price
Performance Security
(Refundable)
Gy
CONTRACT AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT made the, day of 2025 between [name
and address of Procuring Agency] of Pakistan (hereinafter called “the Procuring
Agency”) of the one part and [name of Supplier] of [city and country of
Supplier](hereinafter called “the Supplier”) of the other part:
WHEREAS the Procuring Agency invited Bids for certain goods and xelated
services, viz., [brief description of goods and services] and has accepted a Bid by the
Supplier for the supply of those goods and related services in the sum of [contract
price in words and figures] (hereinafter called “the Contract Price”).
NOW THIS CONTRACT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:
1. In this Contract words and expressions shall have the same meanings as are respectively
assigned to them in the Conditions of Contract referred to.
2. The following documents shall be deemed to form and be read and construed as part of this
Contract, In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between the Contract Documents listed
below, the order of precedence shall be the order in which the Contract Documents are listed
below:-
. This form of Contract;
the Form of Bid and the Price Schedule submitted by the Bidder;
the Schedule of Requirements;
. the Technical Specifications;
the Special Conditions of Contract;
the General Conditions of the Contract;
the Procuring Agency’s Letter of Acceptance; and
. [add here: any other documents}
yRme aoe op
3. In consideration of the payments to be made by the Procuring Agency to the Supplier as
hereinafter mentioned, the Supplier hereby covenants with the Procuring Agency to provide
the goods and related services and to remedy defects therein in conformity in all respects
with the provisions of the Contract.
4, The Procuring Agency hereby covenants to pay the Supplier in consideration of the
provision of the goods and related services and the remedying of defects therein, the
Contract Price or such other sum as may become payable under the provisions of the
contract at the times and in the manner prescribed by the contract.
ea,
vt a 5|Page
a)
D)
°)
4)
)
8)
REMUNERATION
The cost offered by the Supplier is Rs. /= (Rupees
Only) (inclusive of all taxes) supply of goods and relevant services vide tender #
BIEK/AG/L&N/1301/2025 variation may occurred. The cost is inclusive of
labour/transportation/supplies/ete.
Liquidity damages as per SPPRA Rules.
The Payment shall be subject to deduction of Income / Sales Tax at source, Satisfactory
report of concerned officer, completion certificate and production of delivery challans as
being delivered the stores in full quantity & quality.
Performance Security 10% of value of contract amount will be provided by the party.
Stamp Duty @ 0.35% of the cost of transaction / Work order will be deposited in
Government treasury by the SUPPLIER. This paid Stamp Duty challan would be submitted
along with the Bill / Invoice.
Tax(es) Challan(s) / Levy(ies). If any on additional will be paid / borne by SUPPLIER as per
SRO Notification.
All terms and conditions of tender vide # BIE/AG/L&N/1301/2025 will be the integral part
of this agreement and can’t be revoked.
IN WITNESS whereof the parties hereto have caused this Contract to be executed in accordance
with their respective laws the day and year first above written.
“Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi” Mis.
NAME: NAME:
CNIC#. CNIC #
Signature: Address:
Signature:,
WITNESS: 1 WITNESS: 2
Address:. Address:
Signature: Signature:
4
|g 6|Page
) BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, KARACHI
INTEGRITY PACT
Declaration of Charges, Fees, Commission, Taxes, Levies etc payable by the contractor;
M/s the contract hereby declares that:
{a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
Its intention not to obtain the procurement work of any Contract, right, interest,
privilege, or other obligation or benefit from the BIEK or any administrative or
financial offices thereof or any other department under the control of the BIEK
through any corrupt practice(s).
Without limiting the generality of the forgoing the contractor represents and
warrants that it has fully declared the charges, fees, commission, taxes, levies etc,
paid or payable to anyone and not given or agreed to give and shall not give or agree
to give to anyone within the BIEK directly or indirectly through any means any
commission, gratification, bribe, gifts, kickback whether described as consultation
fee or otherwise, with the object of obtaining or including the procurement or
service contract or order or other obligations whatsoever from the BIEK, except that
which has been expressly declared pursuant hereto.
He contractor accepts full responsibility and strict liability for making any false
declaration/statement, not making full disclosure, misrepresenting facts or taking
any action likely to degrade the purpose of declaration, representation and
warranty. It agrees that any contract/order obtained aforesaid shall without
prejudice to any other right & remedies available to the BIEK under any law, contact,
or other instrument, be stand void at the discretion of the BIEK.
Notwithstanding any right and remedies exercised by the BIEK in this regard,
contractor agrees to indemnify the BIEK for any loss or damage incurred by it on
account of its corrupt business practice & further pay compensation to the BIEK in
any amount equivalent to the loss of any commission, gratification, bribe, gifts,
kickback given by the contractor as aforesaid for the purpose of obtaining or
inducing procurement/ work/ service or other obligation or benefit in whatsoever
from the BIEK.
This integrity pact is mandatory requirement other than auxiliary services / works.
7|\Page
