TECHNICAL
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2018-2019/TANDER%207-3-19/OMR/SBD%20Supply%20of%20OMR%20%20Technical%202019.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

Page 1 of 13
STANDARD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
FOR
NATIONAL COMPETITIVE BIDDING
SINGLE STAGE – ONE ENVELOPE PROCEDURE
TENDER FOR PROCUREMENT
OF OMR
IN RESPECT OF THE
BIEK/AG/L&N/384/2019
Volume – I
(TECHNICAL PROPOSAL)
Instructions to Bidders (ITB)
General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION,
BAKHTIYARI YOUTH CENTER, NORTH NAZIMABAD,
KARACHI-74700
Phones: 
99260211
99260212
99260213
Page 2 of 13
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS & GENERAL
CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT:
The Instructions to Bidders (ITB) and General Conditions of Contract
(GCC) applied in this Contract shall be the same as per Standard Bidding Documents for
Goods, issued by SPPRA. For further references the same may be downloaded from
SPPRA’s website www.pprasindh.gov.pk or it may be provided from this Office if it may
be demanded by the bidder. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions hereafter shall
prevail over those in the Instructions to Bidders & General Conditions of Contract. The
corresponding clause number of the ITB & GCC is indicated in parentheses.
BID DATA SHEET
INTRODUCTION
ITB 1.1
Name of Contract
Procurement of OMR (Optical
Mark
Recognition)
Software
solution
(Hardware/Software
with support)
ITB 4.1
Name of Procuring Agency
Board of Intermediate
Education Karachi
ITB 6.1
Procuring agency’s address,
telephone, telex, and facsimile
numbers
Education, Bakhtiyari Youth
Center North Nazimabad
Tel: 99260211
Fax: 99260203 & 99260208
ITB 8.1
Language of the bid
English or Urdu
BID PRICE AND CURRENCY
ITB 11.2
The price shall be in Pakistani currency inclusive of all Taxes,
Transportation, Material and Labour charges involved therein.
ITB 11.5
During the entire period of bid validity, the price shall be fixed and the
bidder will have to supply the required items as per specifications and
quoted rates.
Page 3 of 13
PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
ITB 13.3 (d)
Qualification
Requirements

05 years experience in the relevant field (Client List)
Turn-over of at least last three years having a sum of
minimum Rs.20 Million
Minimum 3 contracts of Rs.5 Million in last 3 years of
similar goods / jobs
Registration with Federal Board of Revenue (FBR), for
Income Tax, GST and Sales Tax in case of
procurement of goods.
Registration with the Sindh Revenue Board (SRB) in
case of procurement of works and services.
Valid Authorized Distributorship / Dealership Or
Manufacturer Certificate.
An Affidavit on Stamp Paper that the firm has never
been Blacklisted
ITB 15.1
Amount of bid
security (refundable)
3% (three percent) of the bid price, which should be
submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of Secretary,
Board of Intermediate Education Karachi and shall remain
valid for a period of 28 days beyond the validity period for
bid.
ITB 16.1
Bid Validity Period
90 days from the date of opening of Tender.
ITB 17.1
Number of copies
02 Copies of the Bid shall be submitted by the bidder.
One original and one photocopy of the same.
ITB 18.2 (a)
Address for bid
submission
Procurement Wing, Admin General section (Chairman’s
secretariat), ground floor Board of Intermediate Education,
Karachi.
ITB 18.2 (b)
IFB title and number
Title: Procurement of OMR.
IFB No: BIE//AG/L&N/384/2019
Dated: 27-02-2019
ITB 19.1
Deadline for bid
Thursday 21st March 2019 up to 2:30 p.m
Sealed bids duly filled-in, mentioning on top of the
envelope
“Procurement
of
OMR
(Optical
Recognition) hardware/software with support”
Page 4 of 13
ITB 22.1
Time, date, and
place for bid
opening
Bids duly stamped on each document must be
submitted in the office of the Admin General
Section (chairman’s secretariat), ground floor, Board
of Intermediate Education, Karachi, in a sealed
cover on 21/03/2019 up to 2:30 P.M and will be
opened on the same day at 03:00 P.M in the
presence of bidders’ representatives who wish to
attend.
ITB 25.4 (b)
Delivery schedule
The delivery will have to be made at our site
within stipulated time as mentioned in the
Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at
least 60 Days after issuance of contract award
which may be increased or decreased due to
demand of time/situation.
BID EVALUATION CRITERIA
Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria and
enclose Bid Security.
Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-submission of
Bid Security or specimen/samples shall be rejected.
Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and completely satisfy
themselves about the required items for which they are bidding for.
An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for clarification of
contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency shall respond to such
queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they are received at least five calendar
days prior to the date of opening of bid.
The bidders shall submit only one rate for every item. Dual rates or alternate bid is strictly
restricted/prohibited. In case a bidder has quoted more than one rate for a single item, its bid
shall be rejected.
Procurement and installation of OMR software is the major part of procurement therefore
contract award for installation of OMR hardware may also be awarded to the successful
bidder for procurement and installation of OMR software as per its lowest evaluated bid
subject to compatibility of products and prices comparable to the prices or rates of the current
market prices.
Page 5 of 13
The quoted rates shall include the charges of procurement and installation till the system
comes into operative condition including all taxes, transportation, material, Labour,
testing/commission and installation charges involved therein i.e complete in all respects.
The offered products should be prime quality products. Cheap products of low quality or
substandard shall not be accepted and the said bid shall be treated as Irresponsive.
Inferior, low quality or substandard products will be rejected and Security Money shall be
forfeited and the bidder may also be blacklisted.
The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest
Submitted Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract.
SECTION III.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
The following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General Conditions of
Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over those in the
General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is indicated in
parentheses.
1. DEFINITIONS (GCC CLAUSE 1)
1)
GCC 1.1 (g)
The Procuring agency
is:
Board
Intermediate
Education,
2)
GCC 1.1 (h) The Procuring agency’s
country is:
Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
3)
GCC 1.1 (j)
The Project Site is:
Same as GCC 1.1(g) mentioned above.
2. COUNTRY OF ORIGIN (GCC CLAUSE 3)
All countries and territories as indicated in Part Two Section VI of the bidding documents,
―Eligibility for the Provisions of Goods, Works, and Services in Government-Financed
Procurement‖.
3. PERFORMANCE SECURITY (GCC CLAUSE 7)
GCC 7.1
The amount of performance security, as a percentage of the Contract
Price, shall be Ten (10) percent of the Contract Price which should
be submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of Secretary, Board
of Intermediate Education Karachi.
4. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (GCC CLAUSE 28)
The dispute resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to relevant SPPRA Rules.
Page 6 of 13
5. GOVERNING LANGUAGE (GCC CLAUSE 29)
GCC 29.1
The Governing
Language shall be:
English.
6. NOTICES (GCC CLAUSE 31)
GCC 31.1 — Procuring agency’s address for notice purposes:
Office of the Assistant Secretary, Admin General Section, Room No.32, 1st Floor, Board of
Intermediate Education, Karachi.
7. PENALTY
1) Preferred penalties according to the issue\subject may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) such as:
i.
rejection of the unsatisfactory Supplied material
ii.
Blacklisting of the firm
iii.
deduction of amount from 2% to 10% per week of the total value of the bill
iv.
forfeiting of whole Security amount
Anyone or more than one from the aforesaid penalties may be imposed upon the Supplier(s)
in the following cases:
a) In case of transgression/deviation of the time given in the Contract Award
b) In case of transgression, deviation, mistake or low quality found in the supplied
Item(s)
c) In case the specification, quantity, rate or stuff of a Tender in certain item or items are
approved and the Bidder backs out of his commitment on any pretext or fails to
supply the material or complete the job in time or in the required criteria.
8.
SUBJECT TO RELEVANT SPPRA RULES,
THE COMPETENT AUTHORITY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO:
(a) divert/distribute a particular work among different Bidders on the lowest approved
rate(s) in the interest of the office due to demand of time/situation.
(b) accept or reject all or any bid.
(c) increase or decrease quantity without any notice at any time/stage subject to ITB
Clause 29.
Page 7 of 13
9. SPECIAL CLAUSE (TERMS & CONDITIONS)
1) Under following conditions bid will be rejected:-
Conditional and telegraphic bids/tenders
Bids not accompanied by Bid Security of required amount and form
Bids received after specified date and time
Bids of Blacklisted firms
2) Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria
and enclose Bid Security.
3) Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-
submission of Bid Security shall be rejected.
4) Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and
completely satisfy themselves about the required items for which they are bidding for.
5) An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for
clarification of contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency
shall respond to such queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they are
received at least five calendar days prior to the date of opening of bid.
6) The specification offered by the bidder(s) may vary from the required items because
the requirement are mentioned on the basis of transitory survey, in such case(s) the
procurement committee shall decide and recommend the offer(s) that may be suitable
for procuring agency.
7) Procurement and installation of OMR software is the major part of procurement
therefore contract award for installation of OMR hardware may also be awarded to
the successful bidder for procurement and installation of OMR software as per its
lowest evaluated bid subject to compatibility of products and prices comparable to the
prices or rates of the current market prices.
8) The quoted rates shall include the charges of procurement and installation till the
system comes into operative condition including all taxes. Transportation material,
labour, testing/commission and installation charges involved therein i.e complete in
all respects.
9) The offered products should be prime quality products. Cheap products of low quality
or substandard shall not be accepted and the said bid shall be treated as Irresponsive.
10) Inferior, low quality or substandard products will be rejected and Security Money
shall be forfeited and the bidder may also be blacklisted.
11) The bidder with the ―Lowest Evaluated Cost‖ but not necessarily the ―Lowest
Submitted Price‖ shall be awarded the Procurement Contract subject to
compatibility/suitability of the item(s).
Page 8 of 13
12) The bidder shall supply the article(s) as per approved specifications mentioned in the
Contract Award. The article(s) not found in conformity with the approved
specifications shall be rejected at the risk & cost of the bidder.
13) The Contract Award may be assigned at any time during the period of bid validity.
14) A guarantee for reasonable period shall be recorded by the bidder preferably at least
01 year warranty will be provided by the supplier including service and all parts if the
system or any item related to it goes out of order during guarantee period, it shall be
brought in perfect order without any charges.
15) The successful bidder will have to deposit Performance Security @ 10% of the
value of Contract Award which is 8% refundable after Six months of the satisfactory
completion of supplies and remaining will be refunded after the expiry of warranty
period.
16) The amount of Performance Security is in addition to the amount of Bid Security
which should be deposited by the successful bidder(s). Bid Security shall remain valid
for a period of 28 days beyond the validity period for bids, whereas Performance
Security shall be released ninety days beyond the date of completion of contract to
cover defects liability period subject to final acceptance by the procuring agency.
17) Placement of Contract Award will be subject to payment of Performance Security.
18) The material shall be delivered to Storekeeper, through the concerned Officers as the
case may be, against delivery challan in triplicate along with samples of material in
duplicate. Two copies of the bills and challan shall be retained by the Storekeeper
while the third copy shall be returned to the supplier for his own record.
19) The items should be supplied strictly in accordance with the approved samples.
20) Training of BIEK relevant staff to operate the system should be performed by the
successful bidder.
21) The delivery will have to be made at our site within stipulated time as mentioned in
the Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at least one month after issuance of
contract award which may be increased or decreased due to demand of time/situation.
22) SPPRA Rules-2010 (Amended 2013) shall strictly be followed.
10. EQUIVALENCY OF STANDARDS AND CODES
Reference to brand name, catalogue number or country where used, they should always be
read with followed by the words ―or at least equivalent.‖
Page 9 of 13
SECTION-IV.
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS:
The delivery will have to be made at our site within stipulated time as mentioned in the
Contract Award. Minimum time period will be at least 60 Days after issuance of contract
award which may be increased or decreased due to demand of time/situation.
Page 10 of 13
SECTION-V.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
S.No.
SPECIFICATIONS
QTY
1.
ADF Scanner
 Scanning Face
Duplex Scanning
 Scanning Method
Hybrid CIS
 Resolution
100 – 600 dpi
 Binary Speed
200 / 300 dpi Simplex: 100ppm Duplex: 200ipm
 Color Speed
200 /300 dpi Simplex: 100ppm Duplex: 200ipm
 Feed Tray
Capacity
Up to 350 sheets (75 g/m2,20lbs)
 Other Functions
Control Sheet
Patch Code detection (type 2,3 T)(ISIS)
Double feed detection : 3 positions
Length control
Barcode detection (ISIS)
 Image Output
Multi Stream (bitonal & color, bitonal & gray
scale) Binary mode, Grayscale mode, Color
mode
 Tonal Gradation
(Bitonal Mode)
Dither, Error diffusion, Grayscale(8 bit),
Binary
 Image
Compression
JPEG for color and grayscale
 Scanning Size
302 mm x 2,540 mm (11.9 in x 100 in)
 Document ADF
Size
Minimum 48mm 70 mm(1.9in. x 2.75in.)
Maximum 297mm x 432 mm (11.7 in. 17 in.)
 Weight
Thin mode 20 – 50 g/m2 (5-13 lbs)
Normal Mode: 50 –157 g/m (13 – 42 lbs)
Thick Mode: 157 -209 g/m (42-56 lbs)
Auto Mode: 20 -157 g/m (5-42 lbs)
 Interface
USB 2.0
 Power
Requirement
AC 100 – 240 V (50 Hz/60 Hz)
Page 11 of 13
OMR E-MARKING SOFTWARE
OMR software should have the features as under:
Software must be able to integrate with item banking software.
2.
Lifetime license with unlimited number of pages processing.
3.
Should be able read barcode.
4.
Physical hardware key (dongle) which should allow to install software on several
machines.
5.
Software should support imaging scanners, avoid to purchase expensive traditional
OMR scanner.
6.
Software should support proper filling (full filling), partial filling, tick & cross.
7.
Software must have auto alighment feature of bubble sheet for 100% accuracy &
0% unreadable sheets.
Software should align miss aligned printed or scanned OMR sheets.
9.
Can generate ―Teacher Annotations‖ of every sheet.
10.
Software should be capable to export cropped images of desired areas in excel
sheet.
11.
Software should not need special designing software to design OMR sheet. (Any
Graphics Designing software can be used for design an OMR sheet).
12.
Software should need special OMR printed sheets.
13.
Software should be able to process sheets in real time (processing during
scanning). Or later processing (processing of pre-scanned images).
14.
Software should support multi choice single answer, multi choice multiple answer
& binary answers?
15.
Software should able to allocate different scoring criteria for each question.
16.
Software should validate fixed length questions i-e roll no., CNIC or Cell No.
17.
Software should generate useful statistical & graphical reports.
18.
Software should support export of data to many different formats.
QUESTION ITEM BANK SOFTWARE
Software should have ability to maintain courses.
Software should have curriculum to define the stages of questions.
Software should have unlimited nodes/trees.
Software should be able to insert images.
Software should be able to insert Equations.
Software should have import pattern from excel where user import bulk questions
in no time.
A supporting application with same UI should be along with the software for
secure data entry & having unlimited number licenses & strictly bound that data entry
made in this application could not be used elsewhere except the item banking
software.
i) Question workbench, which is a standalone utility for the data entry of the
Question item in to the Question item Bank by the authors and / or data-entry-
operators and will be used Question item bank only.
ii) Workbench should be an offline utility and will not rely on the web access for
performing its functions.
iii) Question Data Bank will generate an empty ―QiB Snapshot‖ the workbench users
will be able to release their populated QiB snapshot file back to the main
office where it can be imported into the main Question item Bank.
Page 12 of 13
iv) Any author/data entry operator with the workbench utility and certain login
credentials then can attach the ‖QiB snapshot‖ to their workbench utility and
proceed with adding question items.
v) After completing their data entry into ―QiB snapshot‖ the workbench users will be
able to release their populated QiB snapshot file back to the main office where
it can be imported into the Question Item Bank.
vi) All data transfer will be secure and protected by the user login mechanism and a
strong encryption algorithm.
vii) To ensure the security of the question items, the only Question item bank which
has generated the snapshot will be able to fetch questions from the populated
snapshot file. QiB snapshot file will only be accessible by the releasing
Question item bank or by the designated workbench utilty.
Software should have at least 4 languages support i-e Arabic, Sindhi, Urdu &
Software should support multi types of question.
i) Multiple choice (single)
ii) Multiple choice (multiple answer)
iii) Yes/no
iv) Yes/no extended
v) True/false
vi) True/false extended
vii) Subjective fixed length (short text)
viii) Subjective open end (long text)
ix) Fill in the blanks
x) Comprehension
xi) Child question ( multiple sub question)
xii) Choice of question in between. (long & short)
Software should be integrated with OMR software to gather data, to analyze
question items & automatically update the difficulty level of each used question
according to stats.
Question paper should be generated manually, randomly & on the basis of
difficulty level.
There should be a blue print of whole question paper to visualize the learning
objective, difficulty level of question, usage history & statistics of used questions.
Software should be able to create unlimited number of versions of a question
paper (same questions but randomly in order)
Software should export generated question in (single column, multi column& bi-
lingual).
Software should export generated question paper in MS Word, Ms Excel, PDF,
Rich Text Format, XML & HTML etc…
Software should export exact answer key/correct answer of objective type
questions.
Software should keep history of each question usage.
Software should have learning objectives.
19.
Software should keep the record/history of the generated questionnaire.
20.
Software should show history stats & present stats of the question item.
Page 13 of 13
21.
Software should show history of a question item that how many times question is
used in previous exams.
22.
Question data software should show analytical, statistical report of the used
question paper.
i) Question item mean score
ii) Facility
iii) Difficulty
iv) P-value
v) 25%item discrimination
vi) Point biserial correlation
vii) Correlation coefficient
viii) Chronbach’s alpha
ix) Mode value
x) Range
xi) Standard deviation
xii) Variance
xiii) Discrimination index
xiv) Median
23 Software should have backup database.
24 Software should have user privileges to restrict the user in a module
*****************************xxxxxxxxxxxxxx*************************
