file6
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2020-2021/Bid%20EvaluationReport/UPS-Scanner/6.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

owt Ramon vey sao m.oy
‘endoy paoueus sea
‘easupy wails
{quuanw iv yefen)
Pe
poner Peer euuenbwa/ power
nowy vonee3
= su sepsis yo prog fuen69s o weve yap tayo ede] 9
‘pabxaghs 2 pneUs im sym nosed os) 9
su a cy sa u su Penne uang sna sy ya i sede es wo warpUVeM} s
sa =u sa = en en ’
sua | say = A ery san ‘
en su sa su an e
en sa a su ou su (7 90] pay Mena a Uapedea AD Eo]
“rand |
“aLv-1na Asvant “a1 tng oowa9
sanadns nv2s Oavuo iiss
PHAM) VoRe>yHEND /ANNGHIII Al ‘ons,
“any 1n wos 335, "aiy1Ad 5v0. "GL1-1Ad NOSYON
{odojoney aug aes aus) (uppy@ annnadwrosjevonen)
sso
‘VREIRD 8 Lode NOLWOENYND /AINEITG Sasa
f000-0e-StS001 OIvNddS GeOe-60-4) -AqUEdO yo.m6C
Teoz-0202 si9uueds
uoneonpy areipaunaul so pse0g,
Date: 28-10-2020
TECHNICAL REPORT
It i8 stated that the Technical Committee had given ten working days to M/s
Grapho for showing the sample of required Scanners and providing demo of
zone scanning to the Technical committee.
In this regard, M/s Grapho appeared before the Technical Committee on 28-
10-2020 along with Scanner sample and satisfied the Committee in zone
scanning and other features of the scanners.
In this connection, it stated that M/s Grapho showed technical aspects as
desired. Therefore, the committee decided that M/s Grapho completes all
the required formalities of I.T Section and good in the best interest of the
office.
arene aie
ARIF AUS JALBANT
Assistant Programmer
NAJAF ALI MUGHNI
System Administrator
Abbasi Shaheed Hospital
assessment to the Sub-Committee.
M/s GEMCO offered Kodak brand but did not provide any sample
and not shown any demo to the Technical Sub-Committee.
M/s GRAPHO offered AVISION Brand, which is the requirement
according to the specification of Tender, but they have not shown
the sample and any demo. During discussion with M/s GRAPHO
the committee is not satisfy their expertise level at that time, But
ee
Ly
-
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE ATION KARACHI
MINUTES OF THE TECHNICAL SUB-COMMITTEE WITH TENDER BID! ERS Fe
THE TECHNICAL EVALUATION OF UPS AND SCANNERS HELD ON" 13-10-2020
U LY INCE ROOM OF BIE, KARACHI
TUESDAY AT 3:00 P.M. IN THE CONFERE! E
With reference io the subject captioned above, The meeting was started with the recitation of Holy
‘Quran and the following Member were attended the meeting dated 13-10-2020 at 03 00 P.M in order (0
svaluate UPS and Scanners from the differen tenderee as per tender specification technically
ATTENDANCE:
Ps
Mr. Muhammad Shaheer Wagar
LT. Manager,
Board of Intermediate Education,
Karachi.
Mr, Najaf Ali Mughni
‘Abbasi Shaheed Hospital,
‘Member Procurement Committee
3._Mr. Arif Hussain Jalbani,
LT. Section
The meeting started or the technical evaluation were taken up for consideration.
ITEM NO.O1: Technical Evaluation for Uninterrupted Power Supply (UPS)
Itis stated that only four companies participated in the tender for the Supply of
UPS, and the Board had called all the bidders to show their Samples and provide
demo.
Out of three bidders only one bidders named M/s GEMCO appeared
for the technical assessment to Sub-Committee.
During the technical evaluation of the committe, it was observed that the UPS of
Mis GEMCO is made according to the Intemational Standards and it has extra
features like Synthesizer with stabilizer and transformer with its circuits and up
to the mark of Intemational Standards.
‘Therefore, the Technical Sub-Committee decided that the UPS of M/s GEMCO
is the better choice for BIE, Karachi.
MIS Verson and M/s Indasy did not come for the Technical evaluation nor
provided any Sample according to the tender terms and conditions,
ITEM NO.02: Technical Evaluation for Scanners
RESO.NO.O2: _ Its sated that only five companies participated in the vender for the Supply of
Scanners, and the Board had called all the bidders to show their Samples and
provide demo of it.
Out of five bidders only three bidders Named M/s GEMCO, M/s
GRAPHO, and M/s SEESAM appeared for the technical
‘and not shown any demo to the Technical Sub-Committee,
aa
they are asking to show the sample and demo about 10 working
days, which is
farting from official letter given to them. And after
these days, they have to show the features that IT Section has
required like multiple one OW ning etc. 1a case, if they CAnne
eT hee waenpke adeotner Petz so committee will not
entertain them
M/s SEESAM offered VISION brand
ion of Tender,
are committee and provide the demo
Shich is the requirement of IT ection and
according to the specific
which is the requirement
wand shown sample to the
Of the Scanners as well,
satisfy the committee.
‘Therefore, the Technical Sub-Committee decided that the Scanners of M/s
SEESAM will be better choice for BIE, Karachi, in case the M/S ‘GRAPHO will
SEE ow the above requirement inthe ven days.
‘The meeting was ‘ended with the thanks to and fro from the Chair
rnd ia
(ARIF IN JALBAND)
NAJAF ALI MUGHNT
“Abbasi Shaheed Hospital
99260211
: . 99260212
Board of Intermediate Education 99260213
Bakhtiari Youth Center, North Nazimabad, Fat: 99260203
Karachi - 74700 99260208
MINUTES OF MEETING
i 'S OF TING OF PRi iT COMMIT” ‘D
ON 05.11.2020 AT 3: A Ci “¥
Ti
FOR PROCUREMENT OF SCANNERS
A meeting of the Procurement Committee BIE Karachi was held on 05-11-2020 at 3:00 p.m. in
the Committee room of Board of Intermediate Education Karachi, under the Convener ship of Audit
Officer BIE Karachi, to finalize the Award of Contract for Procurement of Scanners for the Board of
Intermediate Education Karachi. Following attended the meeting:
1. Mrs, Zahid Ali Lakho, Convener
Audit Officer,
BIE, Karachi.
2. Mr. Farhan Iftikhar 2. Member nn
Assistant Secretary, (Accounts)
BLE. Karachi.
3. Mr. Iqbal Hussain Member Uy
‘Superintendent,
Humanities Private Section.
B.LE. Karachi
4, Mr. Muhammad Fahad, Member
Dy. Executive Engineer,
University Enginner (Acting)
Engineering Department,
Unviersity of Karachi
5,/Mr. Najaf Ali Mughni, Member
System Administrator,
Karachi
Meeting started with the recitation from Holy Quran. The Committee was informed that bids were
‘opened on 07-09-2020 for Procurement of Scanner keeping in view the technical nature of the goods
the Procurement committee recommended the constitution of the Technical Committee to evaluate the
goods in accordance with the technical specifications mentioned in the bidding documents.
ia
The Technical
1) Mr. NejalAli
f System Administrator, Abbasi Shaheed Hospital,
Member Procurement Committee.
Convener
2). Mr. Shaheer Wagar, Member
\,T, Manager BIE. Karachi
3). Mr. Arif Hussain Jalbani Member
BILE, Karachi.
fi Accordingly, Technical Committee meetings was held on 13-10-2020 and 28.10.2020, in the
Conference Room of BIE, Karachi, in which the committee evaluated the samples of scanners submitted
Page 1 of 3
by the bidders. In the first meeting committee, committee decided that 1%, 2°¢ and 3 lowest bidders be
called to attend the meeting along with samples as submitted during the opening of bid and provide |
demo. According to financial statement, committee request to Mis. Grapho, with regard showed the i
sample and provide the demo, but he didn't provide the samples and demo, after discussion committee
has given 10 working days to provide the samples and demo otherwise committee will not entertain their
bid. (Miqutes ofthe 1# technical committee meeting (as annexed at “A")
Keeping in view of the above postion, technical committee meeting again called 2s 07
78.10.2020, to evaluated the samples and demo ip connection wih the last meeting, the report of
technical committe is re-produced is as under: (2 technical committee report 2s annexed at “B”).
fi e sample of required scanners and i
it is stated that the Technical Committee had given ten working days to M/s. Grapho for
one scanning to the
the scanners.
In this n, it stated t! __Grapho showed technical as sired. 1
‘Therefore, the commites decided that Mis. Grapho completes all the required formalities
of LT Section and od in the best interes
The Procurement Committee appreciated the efforts made by the committee to evaluate the
samples of aricles with regard to specications mentioned in the tender documents and reviewed his
recommendations
The summary of financial statement after &) uation of samples, which are as under:
conmanarns STEER
psocune ncn oF mens 2085
Serene [mmRaRRA] xsmnam | mars secs 0
SS SE ee on Se SY ao]
| | T / |
| | | |
ssa | samete | nie | vee
Ta Tan Tae Tse
Page 2 of 3
jon, Procurement ‘Committee decided as follows:
‘After deliberate discuss
The meeting ended with a vole af thanks to and from the Chair.
at
Assistant Secretary (Accounts)
(Member)
(Mr. Najaf Alt Mughni )
(wir Muha
Dy.E system Administrator,
nwersity Engineer (Acting) Abbasi Shaheed Hospital
Engineering Department, Karachi.
‘University of Karachi (Member)
Page 30f3
