TECHNICAL
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2022-2023/SBD%20FOR%20HIRING%20OF%20FURNITURE%20(%2014-04-2023/SBD%20(TECHNICAL)%20HIRING%20OF%20FURNITURE.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

STANDARD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
FOR
NATIONAL COMPETITIVE BIDDING
S I N G L E S T A G E
T W O E N V E L O P E S P R O C E D U R E
TENDER FOR HIRING OF
EXAMINATION FURNITURE &
OTHER ACCESSORIES FOR THE
ANNUAL EXAMINATIONS 2023
IN RESPECT OF THE
BIE/AG/L&N/707/2023 Dated: 10/04/2023
VOLUME-I
 Instructions to Bidders (ITB)
 General Conditions of Contract (GCC)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION, web: www.biek.edu.pk
KARACHI Ph: 99260205
99260214-19
1 | P a g e
SBD TENDER FOR HIRING OF EXAMINATION
FURNITURE FOR ANNUAL EXAMINATIONS 2023
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS &
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT:
The Instructions to Bidders (ITB) and General Conditions of Contract (GCC) applied in
this Contract shall be the same as per Standard Bidding Documents for Goods, issued by
SPPRA. For further references the same may be downloaded from SPPRA’s website
www.pprasindh.gov.pk or it may be provided from this Office if it may be demanded by the
bidder. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions hereafter shall prevail over those in the
Instructions to Bidders & General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number
of the ITB & GCC is indicated in parentheses
BID DATA SHEET
INTRODUCTION
ITB 1.1
Name of Contract
Tender
Hiring
of
Examination
ITB 4.1
Name of Procuring Agency
Board of Intermediate Education,
Karachi
ITB 6.1
Procuring Agency’s Address,
Telephone, Telex and
Facsimile Numbers
Bakhtiyari Youth Center,
North Nazimabad, Karachi
Tel: 99260211, 99260212, 99260213
Fax: 99260203 & 99260208
ITB 8.1
Language of the Bid
English or Urdu
BID PRICE AND CURRENCY
ITB 11.2
The price shall be in Pakistani currency inclusive of all Taxes, alongwith
Transportation, Material and Labour charges involved therein.
ITB 11.5
The price shall be fixed and the bidder will have to provide the services
as per approved specification/description and quoted rates.
PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
ITB 13.3 (d)
Qualification
Requirements
 05 years experience in the relevant field
 Turn-over of at least last three years having a
sum of minimum Rs. 30 Million.
 03 years Bank Statement / Financial Statement
duly verified by Chartered Accountant Firm.
 Registration with Federal Board of Revenue
(FBR), for Income Tax & GST.(Mandatory)
 Registration with the Sindh Revenue Board
(SRB) in case of procurement of works and
services.
 An Affidavit on Stamp Paper that the firm has
never been Blacklisted.
2 | P a g e
ITB 15.1
Amount of Bid
Security
(Refundable)
5% (Five percent) of the bid price, which should be
submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of
Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education
Karachi and shall remain valid for a period of 28
days beyond the validity period for bid.
ITB 16.1
Bid Validity
Period
90 days from the date of opening of Tender.
ITB 18.2 (a)
Address for Bid
Submission
The
office
(Procurement
Wing),
Administration
General
Section
(Chairman’s
Secretariat), Ground Floor, Board of Intermediate
Education, Karachi.
ITB 18.2 (b)
IFB Title and
Number
Title: Tender for Hiring of Examination Furniture
for Annual Examinations-2023
IFB No: BIE/AG/L&N/707/2023
DATED:10-04-2023
ITB 19.1
Deadline for Bid
Monday the 08-05-2023 up to 2:30 p.m
Sealed bids duly filled-in, mentioning on top of the
envelope “Tender for Hiring of Examination
Furniture for Annual Examinations-2023.”
ITB 22.1
Time, Date and
Place for Bid
Opening
Bids duly stamped on each document must be
submitted in the office of the (Procurement Wing)
Education, Karachi,
in a sealed cover
on
08-05-2023 up to 2:30 P.M and will be opened on
the same day at 03:00 P.M in the presence of
bidders’ representatives who wish to attend.
S EC T I ON - II
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria and enclose
Bid Security.
Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-submission of
Bid Security shall be rejected.
Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and completely
satisfy themselves about the required items for which they are bidding for.
An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for clarification of
contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency shall respond to such
queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they are received at least five
calendar days prior to the date of opening of bid.
3 | P a g e
The offered furniture should be prime quality. Cheap products of low quality or substandard
shall not be accepted.
Before award of Contract, the Procurement Committee or nominated Committee of
procuring agency shall visit the Godown(s)/Store(s) of bidder(s), for checking the quality
and quantity of furniture available in the stock award of contract will be on the basis of
recommendation & report of Procurement Committee.
Award of Contract will be subject to quality of furniture which shall be confirmed from Visit
Report of the Godown/Store of bidder(s).
The area, town, district for award of job to the successful bidders shall be purely at
discretion of the Board, however official addresses of Office/Godown will also remain in
consideration at the time of decision of the same to save supplier/bidder from unnecessary
botheration & time.
The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest Submitted
Price” shall be awarded the Contract subject to Visit Report of the Godown/Store of
bidder(s).
S E C T I ON - II I
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
The following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General
Conditions of Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over
those in the General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is
indicated in parentheses.
1. DEFINITIONS (GCC CLAUSE 1)
1)
GCC 1.1 (g)
The Procuring agency is:
Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
2)
GCC 1.1 (h)
The Procuring agency’s
country is:
Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
3)
GCC 1.1 (j)
The Project Site is:
Same as GCC 1.1(g) mentioned above.
2. COUNTRY OF ORIGIN (GCC CLAUSE 3)
All countries and territories as indicated in Part Two Section VI of the bidding documents, “Eligibility
for the Provisions of Goods, Works, and Services in Government-Financed Procurement”
3. PERFORMANCE SECURITY (GCC CLAUSE 7)
GCC 7.1
The amount of performance security, as a percentage of the
Contract Price, shall be Ten (10) percent of the Contract Price which
should be submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of
Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
4. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (GCC CLAUSE 28)
The dispute resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to relevant SPPRA Rules.
4 | P a g e
5. GOVERNING LANGUAGE (GCC CLAUSE 29)
GCC 29.1
The Governing
Language shall be:
English.
6. NOTICES (GCC CLAUSE 31)
GCC 31.1 — Procuring agency’s address for notice purposes:
Office of the Procurement Wing, Administration General Section, (Chairman’s Secretariat
Ground Floor), Board of Intermediate Education, Karachi.
7. PENALTY
Preferred penalties according to the issue\subject may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) such as:
i.
rejection of the unsatisfactory works done by Contractor
ii.
blacklisting of the firm
iii.
Deductions / liquidity damages shall be applied as per SPPRA Rules
iv.
Forfeiting of Performance Security deposited
Anyone or more than one from the aforesaid penalties may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) in the following cases:
a) In case of transgression/deviation of the time given in the Contract Award.
b) In case of transgression, deviation, mistake or low quality found in the furniture or
work done by Contractor
c) In case the specification, quantity, rate or stuff of a Tender in certain item or items
are approved and the Bidder backs out of his commitment on any pretext or fails to
supply the material in time or in the required criteria.
8. THE COMPETENT AUTHORITY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO:
a) divert/distribute a particular work among different Bidders on the lowest approved
rate(s) in the interest of the office due to demand of time/situation
b) accept or reject all or any bid
c) Increase or decrease quantity without any notice at any time/stage subject to ITB
Clause 29.
d) to recast and amend the contents/specification of the material at any stage
9. SPECIAL CLAUSE (TERMS & CONDITIONS)
1. Under following conditions bid will be rejected:-
Conditional and telegraphic bids/tenders
Bids not accompanied by Bid Security of required amount and form
Bids received after specified date and time
Bids of Blacklisted firms
2. In case any inconvenient situation created in the city or public holiday is declared by the
Government on the date of opening of tender, the next official working day shall be
5 | P a g e
deemed to be the last date for issuance, submission and opening of bids/tenders at the
same time as mentioned.
3. Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria and
enclose Bid Security.
4. Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-
submission of Bid Security shall be rejected.
5. Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and completely
6. An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for clarification
of contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency shall respond to
such queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they are received at least
five calendar days prior to the date of opening of bid.
7. The offered furniture should be prime quality. Cheap products of low quality or
substandard shall not be accepted.
8. Award of Contract will be subject to quality of furniture which shall be confirmed from
Visit Report of the Godown/Store of bidder(s).
9. Supply of Folding Tables & Chairs is the major part of job therefore the bidder to whom
major part of job has been awarded shall be liable to accept the lowest rates (lowest
evaluated cost) of the minor part of job i.e Tent, Qanat, Jug, Water Tanki/Cooler, Fan
and Tumbler (Glass) etc.
10. The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest Submitted
Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract subject to Visit Report of the
Godown/Store of bidder(s).
11. Change in the awarded order of supply/supplies which not included in the approval/job
order will be decided subject to provide approval/endorsement by the concerned
quarter, however, the same to be under intimation of Administration General prior to
close of examination otherwise the same not to be entertained.
12. Release of payment against the Bill(s) is subject to submission of Form No. E-37 duly
verified and sealed by the concerned Head of Institution/Centre Superintendent.
13. The list of Centers showing the requirement of furniture and other articles shall be
forwarded to the successful bidder(s) by the Board well before commencement of
Examinations and the successful bidder(s) shall have to supply required furniture and
other articles to all the Centers as mentioned in the order of the list of Examination
Centers at least one day before the commencement of Examinations.
14. Successful bidder(s) will have to provide their Services for Supply of Rental Furniture &
other Accessories for HSC Annual Examinations-2022 or any other Examinations if
conducted by the Board during the year.
15. The supply of furniture/articles to respective Centers shall start well before the
commencement of Examinations. In addition to the actual number of Examination days
6 | P a g e
for which furniture shall be required and utilized at the Centers, the supplier shall be
paid one day’s extra hiring charges for advance supplies. (In case of emergency arising
out of any unforeseen situation the supplier shall make their best efforts to meet the
situation).
16. Increase in the required quantity is predicted which shall be supplied by the bidder.
17. In case of emergency, the supplier shall have to supply the required furniture/articles at
the Examination Centers before/during the conduct of examinations time to time on
telephonic call by the Officers deputed for the job in addition to the list of Centers for
requirement of furniture already forwarded to successful bidder(s).
18. The furniture/articles shall be lifted by the supplier from the center as soon as they
deem to be required according to the information provided by the Board or directly
from the Centre Superintendent. The Board shall not be responsible at all for rent or
other eventualities at any center beyond the indicated dates.
19. Neither transportation nor wages of any type to be borne by the Board.
20. If any Examination Centre requires only Table(s) or Chair(s) (instead of pair of Table &
Chair), in that case the successful bidder(s) is/are liable to supply the same and bill may
be claimed as half of the rate of pair of Table & Chair.
21. The supplier shall not be entitled to prefer any claim on the Board for any normal
breakage of material supplied for the conduct of Examinations but shall be compensated
for shortage and abnormal breakage which may be caused due to disturbances at the
Centers or any other major reason.
22. The delivery will have to be made at the Examination Centers within stipulated time.
23. All applicable Taxes including SRB @ and other as announced by the Govt. will be
deducted from the Bill(s).
24. The Board shall pay the rent of only the actual/utilized examination days for which
furniture was required at the Examination Centers as per Date Sheet
(Program/Schedule of Examinations) issued by the Board. (The term “actual/utilized
examination days” means the particular days at which the Examinations are
conducted).
25. The Board shall not pay the rent/charges of furniture for Sundays, Holidays or Gap
between two Papers.
26. In addition to the actual/utilized Examination days as per Date Sheet (Program/Schedule
of Examinations), the Board shall pay the rent/charges of the following day(s) only:-
i) if any paper may be cancelled after the issuance of Date Sheet (Program/Schedule of
Examinations) by the Board
ii) due to law & order situation
iii) any unforeseen happened on that day
27. The Contract Award may be assigned at any time during the period of bid validity.
7 | P a g e
28. The successful bidder will have to deposit Performance Security @ 10% of the value of
Contract Award which is refundable after the satisfactory completion of supplies / work.
29. The amount of Performance Security is in addition to the amount of Bid Security which
should be deposited by the successful bidder(s). Bid Security shall remain valid for a
period of 28 days beyond the validity period for bids, whereas Performance Security
shall be released ninety days beyond the date of completion of contract to cover defects
liability period subject to final acceptance by the procuring agency.
30. Placement of Contract Award will be subject to payment of Performance Security in
accordance with SPPRA rules.
31. SPPRA Rules-2010 Amended rule shall strictly be followed.
S E C T I ON – IV
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS
The supply of furniture to respective Examination Centers shall be completed at least one
day before commencement of examinations.
8 | P a g e
S E C T I ON - V
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
FIRST PHASE
S.#
Specification
Quantity
Current Stock
Position
Approximately
Days
1
Folding Table & Chair
25,000 Pairs of
Table & Chair
21
2
Pedestal Fan
600
3
Water Tanki
100
4
Jug
5
Tumbler (Glass)
6
Qana’at
Size 15 x 7 Feet
30
7
Tent
Size 15 x 30 Feet
20
Note: Subject to enrolment of students’ quantity may increase or decrease.
9 | P a g e
SECOND PHASE
8,000
Pairs of Table &
Chair
17
200 Nos.
40 Nos.
30 Nos.
50 Nos.
