TECHNICAL
URL: https://www.biek.edu.pk/TENDERS/2018-2019/TANDER%207-3-19/Hiring%20of%20Examination%20Center%20Equipment%20Accessories%202019/SBD%20HIRING%20OF%20FURNITURE%20%20Technical%202019.pdf
Source: https://www.biek.edu.pk/tenders.asp

Page 1 of 12
STANDARD BIDDING DOCUMENTS
FOR
NATIONAL COMPETITIVE BIDDING
SINGLE STAGE – TWO ENVELOPE PROCEDURE
TENDER FOR HIRING OF EXAMINATION
CENTERS EQUIPMENTS & ACCESSORIES
(FURNITURE) FOR HSC ANNUAL
EXAMINATIONS-2019
IN RESPECT OF THE
BIE/AG/L&N/ 384/2019
Volume – I
(TECHNICAL PROPOSAL)
BOARD OF INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION,
BAKHTIYARI YOUTH CENTER, NORTH NAZIMABAD,
KARACHI-74700
Phones: 
99260211
99260212
99260213
Page 2 of 12
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS & GENERAL
CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT:
The Instructions to Bidders (ITB) and General Conditions of Contract (GCC) applied
in this Contract shall be the same as per draft Bidding Documents, issued by SPPRA. For
further
references
the
same
may
be
downloaded
from
SPPRA’s
website
www.pprasindh.gov.pk or it may be provided from this Office if it may be demanded by the
bidder. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions hereafter shall prevail over those in the
Instructions to Bidders & General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number
of the ITB & GCC is indicated in parentheses.
BID DATA SHEET
INTRODUCTION
ITB 1.1
Name of Contract
Tender for Hiring of Examination Centers
Equipments & Accessories (Furniture) for
HSC Annual Examinations-2019
ITB 4.1
Name of Procuring Agency
Board of Intermediate Education Karachi
ITB 6.1
Procuring agency’s address,
telephone, telex, and facsimile
numbers
Board of Intermediate Education
Bakhtiyari Youth, North Nazimabad,
Tel: 99260211-7 Tel: 99260238
Fax: 99260203 & 99260208
ITB 8.1
Language of the bid
English, Urdu or Sindhi
BID PRICE AND CURRENCY
ITB 11.2
The price shall be in Pakistani currency inclusive of all Taxes, Transportation,
material and labour charges involved therein.
ITB 11.5
The price shall be fixed and the bidder will have to provide the services as per
approved specification/description and quoted rates.
PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
ITB 13.3 (d)
Qualification
Requirements
 03 years experience in the relevant field
 Turn-over of at least last three years having a sum
of minimum Rs.40 Million.
 03 years Bank Statement / Financial Statement duly
verified by Chartered Accountant Firm.
 Registration with Federal Board of Revenue (FBR),
for Income Tax & GST.
 Registration with the Sindh Revenue Board (SRB)
in case of procurement of works and services.
 An Affidavit on Stamp Paper that the firm has
never been Blacklisted
Page 3 of 12
ITB 15.1
Amount of bid
security
(refundable)
 1% (One percent) of the bid price, which should
be submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name
of Secretary, Board of Intermediate Education
Karachi and shall remain valid for a period of 28
days beyond the validity period for bid.
ITB 16.1
Bid Validity
Period
90 days from the date of opening of Tender.
ITB 18.2 (a)
Address for bid
submission
Procurement
Wing,
Admin
General
Section
(Chairman’s Secretariat), Ground Floor, Board of
Intermediate Education, Karachi.
ITB 18.2 (b)
IFB title and
number
Title: Tender for Hiring of Examination Center
Equipments & Accessories (Furniture) for HSC
Annual Examinations-2019
IFB No: BIE/AG/L&N/384/2019
Dated: 27-02-2019
ITB 19.1
Deadline for bid
Monday 18th March 2019 up to 02:30 p.m
Sealed bids duly filled-in, mentioning on top of the
envelope “Tender for Hiring of Examination Center
Equipments & Accessories (Furniture) for HSC Annual
Examinations-2019”
ITB 22.1
Time, date, and
place for bid
opening
Bids duly stamped on each document must be
submitted in the office of the Admin General Section
Intermediate Education, Karachi, in a sealed cover
up 18-03-2019 to 2:30 P.M and will be opened on
the same day at 03:00 P.M in the presence of
bidders’ representatives who choose to attend at
03:00 P.M on Monday 18-03-2019.
Page 4 of 12
BID EVALUATION CRITERIA
Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria and
enclose Bid Security.
Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-submission of
Bid Security shall be rejected.
Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and completely satisfy
themselves about the required items for which they are bidding for.
An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for clarification of
contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency shall respond to such
queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they are received at least five calendar
days prior to the date of opening of bid.
The offered furniture should be prime quality. Cheap products of low quality or substandard
shall not be accepted.
Before award of Contract, the Procurement Committee or nominated Committee of procuring
agency shall visit the Godown(s)/Store(s) of bidder(s), for checking the quality and quantity
of furniture available in the stock to award score, and awarded score of quantity will be on
the basis of recommendation & report of Procurement Committee, according to awarded
rank, quantity to be determine by the Board in accordance with necessity of required
furniture.
Award of Contract will be subject to quality of furniture which shall be confirmed from Visit
Report of the Godown/Store of bidder(s).
The area, town, district for award of job to the successful bidders shall be purely at discretion
of the Board, however official addresses of Office/Godown will also remain in consideration
at the time of decision of the same to save supplier/bidder from unnecessary botheration &
time.
The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest Submitted
Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract subject to Visit Report of the
Godown/Store of bidder(s).
Page 5 of 12
SECTION III.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
The following Special Conditions of Contract shall supplement the General
Conditions of Contract. Whenever there is a conflict, the provisions herein shall prevail over
those in the General Conditions of Contract. The corresponding clause number of the GCC is
indicated in parentheses.
DEFINITIONS (GCC CLAUSE 1)
1)
GCC 1.1 (g)
The Procuring agency
is:
Board of Intermediate Education Karachi.
2)
GCC 1.1 (h) The Procuring agency’s
country is:
Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
3)
GCC 1.1 (j)
The Project Site is:
Same as GCC 1.1(g) mentioned above.
2. COUNTRY OF ORIGIN (GCC CLAUSE 3)
All countries and territories as indicated in Part Two Section VI of the bidding documents,
“Eligibility for the Provisions of Goods, Works, and Services in Government-Financed
Procurement”.
3. PERFORMANCE SECURITY (GCC CLAUSE 7)
GCC 7.1
The amount of performance security, as a percentage of the Contract
Price, shall be Five (5) percent of the Contract Price which should
be submitted in shape of Pay Order in the name of Secretary,
4. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (GCC CLAUSE 28)
The dispute resolution mechanism to be applied pursuant to relevant SPPRA Rules.
5. GOVERNING LANGUAGE (GCC CLAUSE 29)
GCC 29.1
The Governing
Language shall be:
English.
6. NOTICES (GCC CLAUSE 31)
GCC 31.1 — Procuring agency’s address for notice purposes:
Office of the Assistant Secretary (Admin General) Room No. 32, 1st Floor, Board of
Intermediate Education, Bakhtiyari Youth Center North Nazimabad, Karachi.
Page 6 of 12
18. PENALTY
1) Preferred penalties according to the issue\subject may be imposed upon the
Supplier(s) such as:
i.
rejection of the unsatisfactory works done by Contractor
ii.
Blacklisting of the firm
iii.
Deductions / liquidity damages shall be applied as per SPPRA Rules
iv.
Forfeiting of Performance Security deposited
Anyone or more from the aforesaid penalties may be imposed upon the Supplier(s) in the
following cases:
a) In case of transgression/deviation of the time given in the Contract Award
b) In case of transgression, deviation, mistake or low quality found in the furniture or
work done by Contractor
c) In case the specification, quantity, rate or stuff of a Tender in certain item or items are
approved and the Bidder backs out of his commitment on any pretext or fails to
supply the material in time or in the required criteria.
19. THE COMPETENT AUTHORITY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO:
(a) divert/distribute a particular work among different Bidders on the lowest approved
rate(s) in the interest of the office due to demand of time/situation
(b) accept or reject all or any bid
(c) increase or decrease quantity without any notice at any time/stage subject to ITB
Clause 29.
(d) to recast and amend the contents/specification of the material at any stage
9. SPECIAL CLAUSE (TERMS & CONDITIONS)
1. Under following conditions bid will be rejected:-
Conditional and telegraphic bids/tenders
Bids not accompanied by Bid Security of required amount and form
Bids received after specified date and time
Bids of Blacklisted firms
2. In case any inconvenient situation created in the city or public holiday is declared by
the Government on the date of opening of tender, the next official working day shall
be deemed to be the last date for issuance, submission and opening of bids/tenders at
the same time as mentioned.
Page 7 of 12
3. Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated who can fulfill the Eligibility Criteria
and enclose Bid Security.
4. Shortcomings in submission of documents related to Eligibility Criteria or non-
submission of Bid Security shall be rejected.
5. Prior to submission of bids, the bidders may obtain further information and
completely satisfy themselves about the required items for which they are bidding for.
6. An interested bidder, who has obtained bidding documents, may request for
clarification of contents of the bidding document in writing, and procuring agency
shall respond to such queries in writing within three calendar days, provided they are
received at least five calendar days prior to the date of opening of bid.
7. The offered furniture should be prime quality. Cheap products of low quality or
substandard shall not be accepted.
8. Before award of Contract, the Procurement Committee or nominated Committee of
procuring agency shall visit the Godown(s)/Store(s) of bidder(s), for checking the
quality and quantity of furniture available in the stock to award score, and awarded
score of quantity will be on the basis of recommendation & report of Procurement
Committee, according to awarded rank, quantity to be determine by the Board in
accordance with necessity of required furniture.
9. Award of Contract will be subject to quality of furniture which shall be confirmed
from Visit Report of the Godown/Store of bidder(s).
10. Supply of Folding Tables & Chairs is the major part of job therefore the bidder to
whom major part of job has been awarded shall be liable to accept the lowest rates
(lowest evaluated cost) of the minor part of job i.e Tent, Qanat, Jug, Water
Tanki/Cooler, Fan and Tumbler (Glass) etc.
11. The bidder with the “Lowest Evaluated Cost” but not necessarily the “Lowest
Submitted Price” shall be awarded the Procurement Contract subject to Visit Report
of the Godown/Store of bidder(s).
12. Change in the awarded order of supply/supplies which not included in the
approval/job order will be decided subject to provide approval/endorsement by the
concerned quarter however the same to be under intimation of Admin General prior
to close of Examination otherwise the same not to be entertained.
13. Release of payment against the Bill(s) is subject to submission of Form No. E-37 duly
verified and sealed by the concerned Head of Institution/Centre Superintendent.
Page 8 of 12
14. The list of Centres showing the requirement of furniture and other articles shall be
forwarded to the successful bidder(s) by the Board well before commencement of
Examinations and the successful bidder(s) shall have to supply required furniture and
other articles to all the Centres as mentioned in the order of the list of Examination
Centres at least one day before the commencement of Examinations.
15. Successful bidder(s) will have to provide their Services for Supply of Rental Furniture
for HSC Annual Examinations-2019 or any other Examinations if conducted by the
Board during the year.
16. The supply of furniture/articles to respective Centres shall start well before the
commencement of Examinations. In addition to the actual number of Examination
days for which furniture shall be required and utilized at the Centres, the supplier
shall be paid one day’s extra hiring charges for advance supplies. (In case of
emergency arising out of any unforeseen situation the supplier shall make their best
efforts to meet the situation).
17. Increase in the required quantity is predicted which shall be supplied by the bidder.
18. In case of emergency, the supplier shall have to supply the required furniture/articles
at the Examination Centres before/during the conduct of Examinations time to time on
telephonic call by the Officers deputed for the job in addition to the list of Centres for
requirement of furniture already forwarded to successful bidder(s).
19. The furniture/articles shall be lifted by the supplier from the centre as soon as they
deem to be required according to the information provided by the Board or directly
from the Centre Superintendent. The Board shall not be responsible at all for rent or
other eventualities at any centre beyond the indicated dates.
20. Neither transportation nor wages of any type to be borne by the Board.
21. If any Examination Centre requires only Table(s) or Chair(s) (instead of pair of Table
& Chair), in that case the successful bidder(s) is/are liable to supply the same and bill
may be claimed as half of the rate of pair of Table & Chair.
22. The supplier shall not be entitled to prefer any claim on the Board for any normal
breakage of material supplied for the conduct of Examinations but shall be
compensated for shortage and abnormal breakage which may be caused due to
disturbances at the Centres or any other major reason.
23. The delivery will have to be made at the Examination Centres within stipulated time.
24. All applicable Taxes including SRB @ and other as announced by the Govt. will be
deducted from the Bill(s).
Page 9 of 12
25. The Board shall pay the rent of only the actual/utilized Examination days for which
furniture was required at the Examination Centres, as per Date Sheet
(Programe/Schedule of Examinations) issued by the Board. (The term “actual/utilized
Examination days” means the particular days at which the Examinations are
conducted).
26. The Board shall not pay the rent/charges of furniture for Sundays, Holidays or Gap
between two Papers.
27. In addition to the actual/utilized Examination days as per Date Sheet
(Programe/Schedule of Examinations), the Board shall pay the rent/charges of the
following day(s) only:-
a) if any Paper may be cancelled after the issuance of Date Sheet (Programe/Schedule of
Examinations) by the Board
b) due to law & order situation
c) any unforeseen happened on that day
28. The Contract Award may be assigned at any time during the period of bid validity.
29. The successful bidder will have to deposit Performance Security @ 5% of the value of
Contract Award which is refundable after the satisfactory completion of supplies /
work.
30. The amount of Performance Security is in addition to the amount of Bid Security
which should be deposited by the successful bidder(s). Bid Security shall remain valid
for a period of 28 days beyond the validity period for bids, whereas Performance
Security shall be released ninety days beyond the date of completion of contract to
cover defects liability period subject to final acceptance by the procuring agency.
31. Placement of Contract Award will be subject to payment of Performance Security.
32. SPPRA Rules-2010 (Amended 2013) shall strictly be followed.
Page 10 of 12
SECTION-IV.
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS
SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS:
The supply of furniture to respective Examination Centres shall be completed at least one day
before commencement of Examinations.
Page 11 of 12
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
S.No.
Specification
Quantity
APPROXIMATELY DAYS
1
Pair of Folding Table Size
18 x 24 (Top Laminated)
& Chair
(Rate to be quoted with
available stock)
Approx.
80,000
Pairs of Table & Chair
40
2
Qanaat
in the size of 15’ x 7’
6000
3
Tent (Shaamiyana) in the
size of 15’ x 30’
4800
4
Water Tanki
400
5
Pedestal Fan
6
Jug
350
7
Glass
650
Page 12 of 12
TECHNICAL EVALUATION CRITERIA FOR SHORT LISTING SERVICE
PROVIDERS
A) Company Profile
Experience of Relevant Works
40 Marks
Up to 5 years (Certificate enclosed)
05
Up to 10 Years (Certificate enclosed)
15
Up to 15 Years (Certificate enclosed)
20
B) Availability of Stock
50 Marks
i. 35 % of the required quantity
ii. 55 % of the required quantity
10
iii. 75% of the required quantity
iv. 100 % of the required quantity
C) Financial Soundness / Status
10 Marks
The Applicants must have latest three
years Audited Financial Statements.
02
Bank Statement for latest one year
03
Credit worthiness undertaking showing the
capacity of bidder as Annexure-III.
Total =
100 Marks
65% Marks necessary for qualifying.
